.@60Minutes did a phony story about child separation when they know we had the exact same policy as the Obama Administration. In fact a picture of children in jails was used by other Fake Media to show how bad (cruel) we are but it was in 2014 during O years. Obama separated....
Clinton Foundation donations drop 42% - which shows that they illegally played the power game. They monetized their political influence through the Foundation. “During her tenure the State Department was put in the service of the Clinton Foundation.”  Andrew McCarthy
Europe has to pay their fair share for Military Protection. The European Union for many years has taken advantage of us on Trade and then they don’t live up to their Military commitment through NATO. Things must change fast!
General Anthony Tata: “President Trump is a man of his word &amp; he said he was going to be tough on the Border and he is tough on the Border. He has rightfully strengthened the Border in the face of an unprecedented threat. It’s the right move by President Trump.” Thanks General!
Mississippi Vote for @cindyhydesmith on Tuesday. Respected by all. We need her in Washington!. Thanks!
So great that oil prices are falling (thank you President T). Add that which is like a big Tax Cut to our other good Economic news. Inflation down (are you listening Fed)!
Would be very SMART if Mexico would stop the Caravans long before they get to our Southern Border or if originating countries would not let them form (it is a way they get certain people out of their country and dump in U.S. No longer). Dems created this problem. No crossings!
The large and violent French protests don’t take into account how badly the United States has been treated on Trade by the European Union or on fair and reasonable payments for our GREAT military protection. Both of these topics must be remedied soon.
I will be in Gulfport and Tupelo Mississippi on Monday night doing two Rallies for Senator Hyde-Smith who has a very important Election on Tuesday. She is an outstanding person who is strong on the Border Crime Military our great Vets Healthcare &amp; the 2nd A. Needed in D.C.
Victor Davis Hanson was a very good and interesting guest of Mark Levin on @FoxNews. He wrote a highly touted book called “The Second World Wars” and a new book will soon be coming out called “The Case For Trump.” Recommend both. @marklevinshow
....All will stay in Mexico. If for any reason it becomes necessary we will CLOSE our Southern Border. There is no way that the United States will after decades of abuse put up with this costly and dangerous situation anymore!
Migrants at the Southern Border will not be allowed into the United States until their claims are individually approved in court. We only will allow those who come into our Country legally. Other than that our very strong policy is Catch and Detain. No “Releasing” into the U.S...
RT @WhiteHouse: Small Business Saturday has become a staple of the post-Thanksgiving shopping weekend. "This year Small Business Saturday…
RT @realDonaldTrump: The Fake News is showing old footage of people climbing over our Ocean Area Fence. This is what it really looks like -…
I am extremely happy and proud of the job being done by @USTreasury Secretary @StevenMnuchin1. The FAKE NEWS likes to write stories to the contrary quoting phony sources or jealous people but they aren’t true. They never like to ask me for a quote b/c it would kill their story.
Really good Criminal Justice Reform has a true shot at major bipartisan support. @senatemajldr Mitch McConnell and @SenSchumer have a real chance to do something so badly needed in our country. Already passed with big vote in House. Would be a major victory for ALL!
Really good Criminal Justice Reform has a true shot at major bipartisan support. @senatemajldr Mitch McConnell and @senchuckschumer have a real chance to do something so badly needed in our country. Already past with big vote in House. Would be a major victory for ALL!
Republicans and Democrats MUST come together finally with a major Border Security package which will include funding for the Wall. After 40 years of talk it is finally time for action. Fix the Border for once and for all NOW!
Our highly trained security professionals are not allowed to do their job on the Border because of the Judicial Activism and Interference by the 9th Circuit. Nevertheless they are working hard to make America a safer place though hard to do when anybody filing a lawsuit wins!
This is the coldest weather in the history of the Thanksgiving Day Parade in NYC and one of the coldest Thanksgivings on record!
https://t.co/y4chCfEDke
Will be speaking with our great military in different parts of the world through teleconference at 9:00 A.M. Eastern. Then it will be off to see our Coast Guard patriots &amp; to thank them for the great job they have been doing especially with the hurricanes. Happy Thanksgiving!
....and Safety at the Border or anywhere else. They know nothing about it and are making our Country unsafe. Our great Law Enforcement professionals MUST BE ALLOWED TO DO THEIR JOB! If not there will be only bedlam chaos injury and death. We want the Constitution as written!
Justice Roberts can say what he wants but the 9th Circuit is a complete &amp; total disaster. It is out of control has a horrible reputation is overturned more than any Circuit in the Country 79% &amp; is used to get an almost guaranteed result. Judges must not Legislate Security...
HAPPY THANKSGIVING TO ALL!
“It’s a mean &amp; nasty world out there the Middle East in particular. This is a long and historic commitment &amp; one that is absolutely vital to America’s national security.” @SecPompeo  I agree 100%. In addition many Billions of Dollars of purchases made in U.S. big Jobs &amp; Oil!
You just can’t win with the Fake News Media. A big story today is that because I have pushed so hard and gotten Gasoline Prices so low more people are driving and I have caused traffic jams throughout our Great Nation. Sorry everyone!
Brutal and Extended Cold Blast could shatter ALL RECORDS - Whatever happened to Global Warming?
RT @realDonaldTrump: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
RT @realDonaldTrump: AMERICA FIRST!
“79% of these decisions have been overturned in the 9th Circuit.” @FoxNews  A terrible costly and dangerous disgrace. It has become a dumping ground for certain lawyers looking for easy wins and delays. Much talk over dividing up the 9th Circuit into 2 or 3 Circuits. Too big!
There are a lot of CRIMINALS in the Caravan. We will stop them. Catch and Detain! Judicial Activism by people who know nothing about security and the safety of our citizens is putting our country in great danger. Not good!
“Thank you to President Trump on the Border. No American President has ever done this before.” Hector Garza National Border Patrol Council
.....are so many opposing view (on Border and Safety) cases filed there and why are a vast number of those cases overturned. Please study the numbers they are shocking. We need protection and security - these rulings are making our country unsafe! Very dangerous and unwise!
Sorry Chief Justice John Roberts but you do indeed have “Obama judges” and they have a much different point of view than the people who are charged with the safety of our country. It would be great if the 9th Circuit was indeed an “independent judiciary” but if it is why......
Great new book out “Mad Politics: Keeping Your Sanity in a World Gone Crazy” by @RealDrGina Loudon. Go out and get your copy today — a great read!
“‘Trump Imitation Syndrome’ is afflicting the president’s liberal enemies” Thank you @MGoodwin_NYPost! https://t.co/KpmsrKCaBZ
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Oil prices getting lower. Great! Like a big Tax Cut for America and the World. Enjoy! $54 was just $82. Thank you to Saudi Arabia but let’s go lower!
AMERICA FIRST!
So-called comedian Michelle Wolf bombed so badly last year at the White House Correspondents’ Dinner that this year for the first time in decades they will have an author instead of a comedian. Good first step in comeback of a dying evening and tradition! Maybe I will go?
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump joined by @FLOTUS has officially pardoned this year's National Thanksgiving Turkey Peas—and h…
I hope the discovery and eventual recovery of the Argentine submarine San Juan brings needed closure to the wonderful families of those brave missing sailors. I look forward to hearing more from my friend President @MauricioMacri in Argentina later this month.
RT @FLOTUS: The @WhiteHouse is getting ready for the Christmas season! Thank you to the Smith Family &amp; the National Christmas Tree Associat…
RT @WhiteHouse: President Trump and the First Lady Participate in the White House Christmas Tree Delivery https://t.co/O6Nr8k1mnu
The Fake News is showing old footage of people climbing over our Ocean Area Fence. This is what it really looks like - no climbers anymore under our Administration! https://t.co/CD4ltRePML
....We no longer pay Pakistan the $Billions because they would take our money and do nothing for us Bin Laden being a prime example Afghanistan being another. They were just one of many countries that take from the United States without giving anything in return. That’s ENDING!
Of course we should have captured Osama Bin Laden long before we did. I pointed him out in my book just BEFORE the attack on the World Trade Center. President Clinton famously missed his shot. We paid Pakistan Billions of Dollars &amp; they never told us he was living there. Fools!..
RT @realDonaldTrump: “Boom: Record high business optimism need for employees at 45-year high” https://t.co/jBFjEwAcfd
.@cindyhydesmith loves Mississippi and our Great U.S.A. https://t.co/hQPC4CrhDi
RT @realDonaldTrump: I will be interviewed by Chris Wallace on @FoxNews at 2:00 P.M. and 7:00 P.M. Enjoy!
From day one Rick Scott never wavered. He was a great Governor and will be even a greater Senator in representing the People of Florida. Congratulations to Rick on having waged such a courageous and successful campaign!
Catch and Release is an obsolete term. It is now Catch and Detain. Illegal Immigrants trying to come into the U.S.A. often proudly flying the flag of their nation as they ask for U.S. Asylum will be detained or turned away. Dems must approve Border Security &amp; Wall NOW!
RT @realDonaldTrump: I will be interviewed by Chris Wallace on @FoxNews at 2:00 P.M. and 7:00 P.M. Enjoy!
The Mayor of Tijuana Mexico just stated that “the City is ill-prepared to handle this many migrants the backlog could last 6 months.” Likewise the U.S. is ill-prepared for this invasion and will not stand for it. They are causing crime and big problems in Mexico. Go home!
So funny to see little Adam Schitt (D-CA) talking about the fact that Acting Attorney General Matt Whitaker was not approved by the Senate but not mentioning the fact that Bob Mueller (who is highly conflicted) was not approved by the Senate!
I will be interviewed by Chris Wallace on @FoxNews at 2:00 P.M. and 7:00 P.M. Enjoy!
RT @FoxNewsSunday: Chris Wallace during his interview at the White House with President Trump. Check your local listings to watch this Sund…
Incredible to be with our GREAT HEROES today in California. We will always be with you! https://t.co/B1MCTF83Zf
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump is traveling to California to meet with those impacted by the devastating wildfires. Learn how t…
Heading to California with @GOPLeader Kevin McCarthy @RepLaMalfa and @KenCalvert. Look forward to being with our brave Firefighters First Responders and @FEMA along with the many brave People of California. We are with you all the way – God Bless you all!
....I can’t imagine any President having a better or closer relationship with their Vice President then the two of us. Just more FAKE NEWS the Enemy of the People!
The New York Times did a phony story as usual about my relationship with @VP Mike Pence. They made up sources and refused to ask me the only one that would know for a quote....
Congratulations to Andrew Gillum on having run a really tough and competitive race for Governor of the Great State of Florida. He will be a strong Democrat warrior long into the future - a force to reckon with!
I can get Nancy Pelosi as many votes as she wants in order for her to be Speaker of the House. She deserves this victory she has earned it - but there are those in her party who are trying to take it away. She will win! @TomReedCongress
Thank you @JerryBrownGov. Look forward to joining you and @GavinNewsom tomorrow in California. We are with you! https://t.co/UuXWAadmov
....their country’s flag. Can this be possible? Yes because it is all a BIG CON and the American taxpayer is paying for it!
Isn’t it ironic that large Caravans of people are marching to our border wanting U.S.A. asylum because they are fearful of being in their country - yet they are proudly waving....
Congratulations to Brian Kemp on becoming the new Governor of Georgia. Stacey Abrams fought brilliantly and hard - she will have a terrific political future! Brian was unrelenting and will become a great Governor for the truly Wonderful People of Georgia!
Congratulations to Ron DeSantis on becoming the new Governor of Florida. Against all odds he fought &amp; fought &amp; fought the result being a historic victory. He never gave up and never will. He will be a great Governor!
PRESIDENTIAL MEDAL OF FREEDOM https://t.co/Mgeg4wijTk
People are not being told that the Republican Party is on track to pick up two seats in the U.S. Senate and epic victory: 53 to 47. The Fake News Media only wants to speak of the House where the Midterm results were better than other sitting Presidents.
Today in the East Room of the @WhiteHouse it was my true privilege to award seven extraordinary Americans with the Presidential Medal of Freedom...https://t.co/TuEy635mav
People are not being told that the Republican Party is on track to pick up two seats in the U.S. Senate and epic victory: 53 to 47. The Fake News Media only wants to speak of the House were the Midterm results were better than other sitting Presidents.
It is our sacred duty to support America’s Service Members every single day they wear the uniform – and every day after when they return home as Veterans. Together we will HONOR those who defend us we will CHERISH those who protect us and we will celebrate the amazing heroes... https://t.co/kovcIj4fwU
Last year I signed the landmark VA Accountability Act to ensure those who mistreat our Veterans can be held fully accountable. Since my inauguration we have removed more than 3600 government employees who were not giving our Vets the care they deserve.... https://t.co/KqWXXt7D4U
It was my great honor to host a @WhiteHouse Conference on Supporting Veterans &amp; Military Families...To everyone here today who has served our Country in uniform &amp; to every Veteran &amp; Military family across our land I want to express the eternal gratitude of our entire Nation! https://t.co/MK8jUaTGFK
.@FLOTUS Melania and I were honored to visit with our GREAT U.S. MARINES at the Marine Barracks here in Washington D.C. We love you @USMC @MBWDC! https://t.co/ASWmDZrDRK https://t.co/xYrPw9zzVv
The only “Collusion” is that of the Democrats with Russia and many others. Why didn’t the FBI take the Server from the DNC? They still don’t have it. Check out how biased Facebook Google and Twitter are in favor of the Democrats. That’s the real Collusion!
Universities will someday study what highly conflicted (and NOT Senate approved) Bob Mueller and his gang of Democrat thugs have done to destroy people. Why is he protecting Crooked Hillary Comey McCabe Lisa Page &amp; her lover Peter S and all of his friends on the other side?
....care how many lives the ruin. These are Angry People including the highly conflicted Bob Mueller who worked for Obama for 8 years. They won’t even look at all of the bad acts and crimes on the other side. A TOTAL WITCH HUNT LIKE NO OTHER IN AMERICAN HISTORY!
The inner workings of the Mueller investigation are a total mess. They have found no collusion and have gone absolutely nuts. They are screaming and shouting at people horribly threatening them to come up with the answers they want. They are a disgrace to our Nation and don’t...
The White House is running very smoothly and the results for our Nation are obviously very good. We are the envy of the world. But anytime I even think about making changes the FAKE NEWS MEDIA goes crazy always seeking to make us look as bad as possible! Very dishonest!
Our pledge to hire American includes those leaving prison and looking for a very fresh start — new job and new life. The legislation I am supporting today contains many significant reforms. Read more here: https://t.co/BwQ3qd9Fyk https://t.co/6DUY9KNTpR
I am grateful to be here today w/ Members of the House &amp; Senate who have poured their time heart and energy into the crucial issue of Prison Reform. Working together w/ my Admin over the last two years these members have reached a bipartisan agreement...https://t.co/wflidv2cZr
Just spoke to Governor Jerry Brown to let him know that we are with him and the people of California all the way!
Was just briefed by @FEMA_Brock and @SecretaryZinke who are in California. Thank you to the great Firefighters First Responders and @FEMA for the incredible job they are doing w/ the California Wildfires. Our Nation appreciates your heroism courage &amp; genius. God Bless you all!
Not seen in many years America’s steelworkers get a hard-earned raise because of my Administration’s policies to help bring back the U.S. steel industry which is critical to our National Security. I will always protect America and its workers!
“Boom: Record high business optimism need for employees at 45-year high” https://t.co/jBFjEwAcfd
It was my great honor to host a celebration of Diwali the Hindu Festival of Lights in the Roosevelt Room at the @WhiteHouse this afternoon. Very very special people! https://t.co/kQk7IvpSFo https://t.co/tYlBABg4JF
Today we gathered for Diwali a holiday observed by Buddhists Sikhs and Jains throughout the United States &amp; around the world. Hundreds of millions of people have gathered with family &amp; friends to light the Diya and to mark the beginning of a New Year. https://t.co/epHogpTY1A https://t.co/9LUwnhngWJ
Today we gathered for Diwali a holiday observed by Buddhists Sikhs and Jains throughout the United States &amp; around the world. Hundreds of millions of people have gathered with family &amp; friends to light the Diya and to mark the beginning of a New Year. https://t.co/a1QRfaPm37 https://t.co/LKRTr0nCQl
We mourn for the lives lost and we pray for the victims of the California Wildfires. I want to thank the Firefighters and First Responders for their incredible courage in the face of grave danger.... https://t.co/3YQYZR8OzS
The story in the New York Times concerning North Korea developing missile bases is inaccurate. We fully know about the sites being discussed nothing new - and nothing happening out of the normal. Just more Fake News. I will be the first to let you know if things go bad!
When will Bill Nelson concede in Florida? The characters running Broward and Palm Beach voting will not be able to “find” enough votes too much spotlight on them now!
By the way when the helicopter couldn’t fly to the first cemetery in France because of almost zero visibility I suggested driving. Secret Service said NO too far from airport &amp; big Paris shutdown. Speech next day at American Cemetery in pouring rain! Little reported-Fake News!
By the way when the helicopter couldn’t fly to the first cemetery in France because of almost zero visibility I suggested driving. Secret Service said NO too far from airport &amp; big Paris shutdown. Speech next day at American Cemetary in pouring rain! Little reported-Fake News!
......MAKE FRANCE GREAT AGAIN!
The problem is that Emmanuel suffers from a very low Approval Rating in France 26% and an unemployment rate of almost 10%. He was just trying to get onto another subject. By the way there is no country more Nationalist than France very proud people-and rightfully so!........
On Trade France makes excellent wine but so does the U.S. The problem is that France makes it very hard for the U.S. to sell its wines into France and charges big Tariffs whereas the U.S. makes it easy for French wines and charges very small Tariffs. Not fair must change!
Emmanuel Macron suggests building its own army to protect Europe against the U.S. China and Russia. But it was Germany in World Wars One &amp; Two - How did that work out for France? They were starting to learn German in Paris before the U.S. came along. Pay for NATO or not!
I just approved an expedited request for a Major Disaster Declaration for the State of California. Wanted to respond quickly in order to alleviate some of the incredible suffering going on. I am with you all the way. God Bless all of the victims and families affected.
Hopefully Saudi Arabia and OPEC will not be cutting oil production. Oil prices should be much lower based on supply!
American Cable Association has big problems with Comcast. They say that Comcast routinely violates Antitrust Laws. “These guys are acting much worse and have much more potential for damage to consumers than anything AT&amp;T-Time Warner would do.” Charlie Gasparino
The California Fire Fighters FEMA and  First Responders are amazing and very brave. Thank you and God Bless you all!
The prospect of Presidential Harassment by the Dems is causing the Stock Market big headaches!
The Florida Election should be called in favor of Rick Scott and Ron DeSantis in that large numbers of new ballots showed up out of nowhere and many ballots are missing or forged. An honest vote count is no longer possible-ballots massively infected. Must go with Election Night!
.....of money spent on protecting other countries and we get nothing but Trade Deficits and Losses. It is time that these very rich countries either pay the United States for its great military protection or protect themselves...and Trade must be made FREE and FAIR!
.....hundreds of billions of dollars for the great privilege of losing hundreds of billions of dollars with these same countries on trade. I told them that this situation cannot continue - It is and always has been ridiculously unfair to the United States. Massive amounts.....
Just returned from France where much was accomplished in my meetings with World Leaders. Never easy bringing up the fact that the U.S. must be treated fairly which it hasn’t on both Military and Trade. We pay for LARGE portions of other countries military protection........
Exactly 100 years ago today on November 11th 1918 World War I came to an end. We are gathered together at this hallowed resting place to pay tribute to the brave Americans who gave their last breath in that mighty struggle.... https://t.co/JPUkOr4rW1
RT @FLOTUS: Today we remember the brave actions of our troops and those of our allies during WWI. Honored to be spending this day honoring…
Poland a great country - Congratulations on the 100th Anniversary of your Independence. I will never forget my time there! https://t.co/gEme6McF1x
RT @WhiteHouse: President Trump Attends the American Commemoration Ceremony at Suresnes American Cemetery https://t.co/P6PgE1zXuE
Beautiful ceremony today in Paris commemorating the end of World War One. Many World leaders in attendance. Thank you to @EmmanuelMacron President of France! Now off to Suresnes American Cemetery to make speech in honor of our great heroes! Then back to the U.S.A.
On this Veterans Day — the 100th Anniversary of the end of WWI we honor the brave HEROES who fought for America in the Great War and every Veteran who has worn the uniform and kept our Nation Safe Strong and FREE! https://t.co/zBvvYRR7XE https://t.co/YO06ztfvNm
With proper Forest Management we can stop the devastation constantly going on in California. Get Smart!
These California fires are expanding very very quickly (in some cases 80-100 acres a minute). If people don’t evacuate quickly they risk being overtaken by the fire. Please listen to evacuation orders from State and local officials!
More than 4000 are fighting the Camp and Woolsey Fires in California that have burned over 170000 acres. Our hearts are with those fighting the fires the 52000 who have evacuated and the families of the 11 who have died. The destruction is catastrophic. God Bless them all.
Trying to STEAL two big elections in Florida! We are watching closely!
Had very productive meetings and calls for our Country today. Meeting tonight with World Leaders!
Happy 243rd Birthday to our GREAT U.S. Marine Corps???? https://t.co/1cPtoMfmxP
I am in Paris getting ready to celebrate the end of World War One. Is there anything better to celebrate than the end of a war in particular that one which was one of the bloodiest and worst of all time?
There is no reason for these massive deadly and costly forest fires in California except that forest management is so poor. Billions of dollars are given each year with so many lives lost all because of gross mismanagement of the forests. Remedy now or no more Fed payments!
....Mr. Whitaker is very highly thought of by @SenJoniErnst Senator @ChuckGrassley Ambassador @TerryBranstad Leonard Leo of Federalist Society and many more. I feel certain he will make an outstanding Acting Attorney General!
Matthew G. Whitaker is a highly respected former U.S. Attorney from Iowa. He was chosen by Jeff Sessions to be his Chief of Staff. I did not know Mr. Whitaker. Likewise as Chief I did not know Mr. Whitaker except primarily as he traveled with A.G. Sessions. No social contact...
President Macron of France has just suggested that Europe build its own military in order to protect itself from the U.S. China and Russia. Very insulting but perhaps Europe should first pay its fair share of NATO which the U.S. subsidizes greatly!
Just out — in Arizona SIGNATURES DON’T MATCH. Electoral corruption - Call for a new Election? We must protect our Democracy!
Thank you @marcorubio for helping to expose the potential corruption going on with respect to Election Theft in Broward and Palm Beach Counties. The WORLD is now watching closely!
In the 2016 Election I was winning by so much in Florida that Broward County which was very late with vote tabulation and probably getting ready to do a “number” couldn’t do it because not enough people live in Broward for them to falsify a victory!
Mayor Gillum conceded on Election Day and now Broward County has put him “back into play.” Bill Nelson conceded Election - now he’s back in play!? This is an embarrassment to our Country and to Democracy!
Rick Scott was up by 50000+ votes on Election Day now they “found” many votes and he is only up 15000 votes. “The Broward Effect.” How come they never find Republican votes?
Jeff Flake(y) doesn’t want to protect the Non-Senate confirmed Special Counsel he wants to protect his future after being unelectable in Arizona for the “crime” of doing a terrible job! A weak and ineffective guy!
As soon as Democrats sent their best Election stealing lawyer Marc Elias to Broward County they miraculously started finding Democrat votes. Don’t worry Florida - I am sending much better lawyers to expose the FRAUD!
You mean they are just now finding votes in Florida and Georgia – but the Election was on Tuesday? Let’s blame the Russians and demand an immediate apology from President Putin!
.@BrianKempGA ran a great race in Georgia – he won. It is time to move on!
“Presidential Proclamation Addressing Mass Migration Through the Southern Border of the United States” https://t.co/9blzn1XGyS
Law Enforcement is looking into another big corruption scandal having to do with Election Fraud in #Broward and Palm Beach. Florida voted for Rick Scott!
....Great bravery shown by police. California Highway Patrol was on scene within 3 minutes with first officer to enter shot numerous times. That Sheriff’s Sergeant died in the hospital. God bless all of the victims and families of the victims. Thank you to Law Enforcement.
I have been fully briefed on the terrible shooting in California. Law Enforcement and First Responders together with the FBI are on scene. 13 people at this time have been reported dead. Likewise the shooter is dead along with the first police officer to enter the bar....
....We thank Attorney General Jeff Sessions for his service and wish him well! A permanent replacement will be nominated at a later date.
We are pleased to announce that Matthew G. Whitaker Chief of Staff to Attorney General Jeff Sessions at the Department of Justice will become our new Acting Attorney General of the United States. He will serve our Country well....
According to NBC News Voters Nationwide Disapprove of the so-called Mueller Investigation (46%) more than they Approve (41%). You mean they are finally beginning to understand what a disgusting Witch Hunt led by 17 Angry Democrats is all about!
In all fairness Nancy Pelosi deserves to be chosen Speaker of the House by the Democrats. If they give her a hard time perhaps we will add some Republican votes. She has earned this great honor!
If the Democrats think they are going to waste Taxpayer Money investigating us at the House level then we will likewise be forced to consider investigating them for all of the leaks of Classified Information and much else at the Senate level. Two can play that game!
To any of the pundits or talking heads that do not give us proper credit for this great Midterm Election just remember two words - FAKE NEWS!
I will be doing a news conference at The White House - 11:30 A.M. Will be discussing our success in the Midterms!
Those that worked with me in this incredible Midterm Election embracing certain policies and principles did very well. Those that did not say goodbye! Yesterday was such a very Big Win and all under the pressure of a Nasty and Hostile Media!
Ron DeSantis showed great courage in his hard fought campaign to become the Governor of Florida. Congratulations to Ron and family!
Received so many Congratulations from so many on our Big Victory last night including from foreign nations (friends) that were waiting me out and hoping on Trade Deals. Now we can all get back to work and get things done!
.@DavidAsmanfox  “How do the Democrats respond to this? Think of how his position with Republicans improves-all the candidates who won tonight. They realize how important he is because of what he did in campaigning for them. They owe him their political career.” Thanks I agree!
....unbelievably lucky to have him and I’m just awed at how well they’ve done. It’s all the Trump magic - Trump is the magic man. Incredible he’s got the entire media against him attacking him every day and he pulls out these enormous wins.” Ben Stein “The Capitalist Code”
“There’s only been 5 times in the last 105 years that an incumbent President has won seats in the Senate in the off year election. Mr. Trump has magic about him. This guy has magic coming out of his ears. He is an astonishing vote getter &amp; campaigner. The Republicans are.........
Tremendous success tonight. Thank you to all!
Congressman Randy Hultgren (R) of Illinois is doing a great job. Get out and Vote for Randy - Total Endorsement!
Florida very important - get out and vote for Florida Congressional Candidate Michael Waltz (R). He has my Strong Endorsement!
Epstein all the way in Michigan House 11. She is a wonderful person and at the same time a real fighter. Has my Strong Endorsement!
RT @FLOTUS: Vote Red ???? MAGA ???? https://t.co/i95OiBimxA https://t.co/ncvDcAP8LZ
Bob Hugin successful all of his life would be a Great Senator from New Jersey. He has my complete and total Endorsement! Get out and Vote for Bob.
POLLING LOCATIONS: https://t.co/0pWiwCHGbh
RT @realDonaldTrump: Fantastic #MAGARally????in West Virginia thank you. Everyone get out and VOTE for Patrick @MorriseyWV and @CarolMillerW…
RT @realDonaldTrump: Indiana Rally and Coach Bobby Knight were incredible last night. Packed House in Honor of Mike Braun for Senate. Mik…
RT @realDonaldTrump: Get out and VOTE for @DeanHeller! https://t.co/4HEkpQL3oy
RT @realDonaldTrump: New York get out and VOTE for @JohnFasoNy a great and hardworking Congressman. We need John’s voice in D.C. His oppo…
RT @realDonaldTrump: If Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi gain the majority they will try to raise your taxes restore job-killing regulation…
RT @realDonaldTrump: Arizona is such a Great State but it needs Border Security which @MarthaMcSally will provide and Krysten Sinema doesn…
RT @realDonaldTrump: Rumor has it that Senator Joe Donnelly of Indiana is paying for Facebook ads for his so-called opponent on the liberta…
RT @realDonaldTrump: ....Lake Okeechobee and all of the hurricane money were a passion for Rick Scott who called endlessly on behalf of th…
RT @realDonaldTrump: In all the time I’ve been President almost two years never once did Senator Bill Nelson call me to ask for help for…
RT @realDonaldTrump: Another fantastic #MAGARally tonight in the Great State of Florida. In just 3 days the People of Florida are going to…
RT @realDonaldTrump: Thank you Macon Georgia! Get out on Tuesday November 6th and VOTE for @BrianKempGA as your next Governor to protect…
RT @realDonaldTrump: If @AndrewGillum did the same job with Florida that he has done in Tallahassee as Mayor the State will be a crime rid…
RT @realDonaldTrump: No matter what she says Senator Claire McCaskill will always vote against us and the Great State of Missouri! Vote fo…
RT @realDonaldTrump: I need @claudiatenney of #NY22 to be re-elected in order to get our big plans moving. Her opponent would be a disaster…
RT @realDonaldTrump: REMEMBER FLORIDA: I have been President of the United States for almost two years. During that time Senator Bill Nelso…
RT @realDonaldTrump: Law Enforcement has been strongly notified to watch closely for any ILLEGAL VOTING which may take place in Tuesday’s E…
RT @realDonaldTrump: “Bill Nelson is kind of an empty figure in Washington. You never hear his name he’s never in debates on key issues -…
Congressman Peter King of New York is a hardworking gem. Loves his Country and his State. Get out and VOTE for Peter!
There is a rumor put out by the Democrats that Josh Hawley of Missouri left the Arena last night early. It is Fake News. He met me at the plane when I arrived spoke at the great Rally &amp; stayed to the very end. In fact I said goodbye to him and left before he did. Deception!
A fantastic evening in Cape Girardeau Missouri. Josh @HawleyMO will be a tireless champion for YOU. He is great on jobs great on tax cuts and tough on crime. He shares your values and he will always support our Military Vets and Police! Get out tomorrow and VOTE for Josh!! https://t.co/YPB8nqX2d6
A vote for Claire McCaskill is a vote for Schumer Pelosi Waters and their socialist agenda. Claire voted IN FAVOR of deadly Sanctuary Cities - she would rather protect criminal aliens than American citizens which is why she needs to be voted out of office. Vote @HawleyMO! https://t.co/tn2zsEWQJ5
A fantastic evening in Girardeau Missouri. Josh @HawleyMO will be a tireless champion for YOU. He is great on jobs great on tax cuts and tough on crime. He shares your values and he will always support our Military Vets and Police! Get out tomorrow and VOTE for Josh!! https://t.co/8zgyv5x2A6
RT @IvankaTrump: Ohio??Indiana??Missouri ???????????? https://t.co/Xn51CudZUt
RT @DanScavino: .@TheLeeGreenwood singing GOD BLESS THE USA in Cape Girardeau Missouri at @realDonaldTrump’s #MAGARally... https://t.co/Gl…
You have been loyal and faithful to your Country and now you have a President that is loyal and faithful to you. Get out tomorrow and https://t.co/HfihPERFgZ! https://t.co/Fr6HlmA7y6
On my way see you soon Cape Girardeau Missouri! #MAGARally https://t.co/0pWiwCHGbh https://t.co/XZdgktuTmL
Massive crowd inside and outside the Allen County War Memorial Coliseum in Fort Wayne Indiana! Thank you for joining us tonight - and make sure you get out and https://t.co/0pWiwCHGbh tomorrow! https://t.co/8APMivyM0x
There is only one way to stop this Democrat-Led assault on our sovereignty – you have to VOTE Republican TOMORROW! Polling locations: https://t.co/0pWiwCHGbh https://t.co/ggs0zcXaQu
Thank you Indiana! A vote for Mike @Braun4Indiana is a vote to keep your jobs going up your wages going up and your healthcare costs coming down. It’s a vote to keep your families safe &amp; to keep criminals traffickers &amp; drug dealers OUT of our Country! Get out and for for Mike! https://t.co/3AE7WcHZej
Just landed in Fort Wayne Indiana for a #MAGARally at the Allen County War Memorial Coliseum. See everyone soon! https://t.co/0pWiwCHGbh
Republicans have created the best economy in the HISTORY of our Country – and the hottest jobs market on planet earth. The Democrat Agenda is a Socialist Nightmare. The Republican Agenda is the AMERICAN DREAM! https://t.co/0pWiwCHGbh https://t.co/JfdM1p5xxY
Thank you Ohio! When you enter the voting booth tomorrow you will be making a simple choice. A vote for Republicans is a vote to continue our extraordinary prosperity. A vote for Dems is a vote to bring this Economic Boom crashing to a sudden screeching halt. Vote @MikeDeWine! https://t.co/iai8bSEgBh
Something’s happening America! Get out tomorrow and https://t.co/0pWiwCHGbh so together we can KEEP MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!! https://t.co/zajBieMWpl
“Bill Nelson is kind of an empty figure in Washington. You never hear his name he’s never in debates on key issues - he is just under the radar.” Chris Wallace on @FoxNews  In other words Nelson is a “stiff.”
RT @EricTrump: Friends We are on the one yard line and need everyone to VOTE Republican tomorrow! America is back! America is winning aga…
Law Enforcement has been strongly notified to watch closely for any ILLEGAL VOTING which may take place in Tuesday’s Election (or Early Voting). Anyone caught will be subject to the Maximum Criminal Penalties allowed by law. Thank you!
REMEMBER FLORIDA: I have been President of the United States for almost two years. During that time Senator Bill Nelson didn’t call me once. Rick Scott called constantly requesting dollars plus for Florida. Did a GREAT job on hurricanes. VOTE SCOTT!
So funny to see the CNN Fake Suppression Polls and false rhetoric. Watch for real results Tuesday.