which it was not (but even if it was it is only a CIVIL CASE like Obama’s - but it was done correctly by a lawyer and there would not even be a fine. Lawyer’s liability if he made a mistake not me). Cohen just trying to get his sentence reduced. WITCH HUNT!
“Democrats can’t find a Smocking Gun tying the Trump campaign to Russia after James Comey’s testimony. No Smocking Gun...No Collusion.” @FoxNews  That’s because there was NO COLLUSION. So now the Dems go to a simple private transaction wrongly call it a campaign contribution...
I am in the process of interviewing some really great people for the position of White House Chief of Staff. Fake News has been saying with certainty it was Nick Ayers a spectacular person who will always be with our #MAGA agenda. I will be making a decision soon!
The Trump Administration has accomplished more than any other U.S. Administration in its first two (not even) years of existence &amp; we are having a great time doing it! All of this despite the Fake News Media which has gone totally out of its mind-truly the Enemy of the People!
Leakin’ James Comey must have set a record for who lied the most to Congress in one day. His Friday testimony was so untruthful! This whole deal is a Rigged Fraud headed up by dishonest people who would do anything so that I could not become President. They are now exposed!
On 245  occasions former FBI Director James Comey told House investigators he didn’t know didn’t recall or couldn’t remember things when asked. Opened investigations on 4 Americans (not 2) - didn’t know who signed off and didn’t know Christopher Steele. All lies!
It was my honor to attend today’s #ArmyNavyGame in Philadelphia. A GREAT game played all around by our HEROES. Congratulations @ArmyWP_Football on the win! https://t.co/WDLkM6VE2T
#ArmyNavyGame???? https://t.co/Yjhq6r6F9h
Great honor to be headed to the Army-Navy game today. Will be there shortly landing now! https://t.co/ByAfESq8aS
....left and right he then woke up from his dream screaming that HE LIED. Next time I go to Vietnam I will ask “the Dick” to travel with me!
Watched Da Nang Dick Blumenthal on television spewing facts almost as accurate as his bravery in Vietnam (which he never saw). As the bullets whizzed by Da Nang Dicks head as he was saving soldiers....
Very sad day &amp; night in Paris. Maybe it’s time to end the ridiculous and extremely expensive Paris Agreement and return money back to the people in the form of lower taxes? The U.S. was way ahead of the curve on that and the only major country where emissions went down last year!
“This is collusion illusion there is no smoking gun here. At this late date after all that we have gone through after millions have been spent we have no Russian Collusion. There is nothing impeachable here.” @GeraldoRivera  Time for the Witch Hunt to END!
I am pleased to announce my nomination of four-star General Mark Milley Chief of Staff of the United States Army – as the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff replacing General Joe Dunford who will be retiring....
....I am thankful to both of these incredible men for their service to our Country! Date of transition to be determined.
AFTER TWO YEARS AND MILLIONS OF PAGES OF DOCUMENTS (and a cost of over $30000000) NO COLLUSION!
The idea of a European Military didn’t work out too well in W.W. I or 2. But the U.S. was there for you and always will be. All we ask is that you pay your fair share of NATO. Germany is paying 1% while the U.S. pays 4.3% of a much larger GDP - to protect Europe. Fairness!
The Paris Agreement isn’t working out so well for Paris. Protests and riots all over France. People do not want to pay large sums of money much to third world countries (that are questionably run) in order to maybe protect the environment. Chanting “We Want Trump!” Love France.
RT @WhiteHouse: This afternoon President Trump delivered remarks at the 2018 Project Safe Neighborhoods National Conference where he reinf…
Totally clears the President. Thank you!
It is being reported that Leakin' James Comey was told by Department of Justice attorneys not to answer the most important questions. Total bias and corruption at the highest levels of previous Administration. Force him to answer the questions under oath!
Hopefully Mitch McConnell will ask for a VOTE on Criminal Justice Reform. It is extremely popular and has strong bipartisan support. It will also help a lot of people save taxpayer dollars and keep our communities safe. Go for it Mitch!
Mike Pompeo is doing a great job I am very proud of him. His predecessor Rex Tillerson didn’t have the mental capacity needed. He was dumb as a rock and I couldn’t get rid of him fast enough. He was lazy as hell. Now it is a whole new ballgame great spirit at State!
RT @WhiteHouse: President Trump Delivers Remarks at the 2018 Project Safe Neighborhoods National Conference https://t.co/5oV86XUX1o
....and one of the most highly respected lawyers and legal minds in the Country he will be a great addition to our team. I look forward to having him join our very successful Administration!
I am pleased to announce that I will be nominating The Honorable William P. Barr for the position of Attorney General of the United States. As the former AG for George H.W. Bush....
I am pleased to announce that Heather Nauert Spokeswoman for the United States Department of State will be nominated to serve as United Nations Ambassador. I want to congratulate Heather and thank Ambassador Nikki Haley for her great service to our Country!
We will be doing a major Counter Report to the Mueller Report. This should never again be allowed to happen to a future President of the United States!
Today we honor those who perished 77 years ago at Pearl Harbor and we salute every veteran who served in World War II over the 4 years that followed that horrific attack. God Bless America! https://t.co/zbu4NLVr4G https://t.co/5hbLDrqg40
It has been incorrectly reported that Rudy Giuliani and others will not be doing a counter to the Mueller Report. That is Fake News. Already 87 pages done but obviously cannot complete until we see the final Witch Hunt Report.
China talks are going very well!
...the lying and leaking by the people doing the Report &amp; also Bruce Ohr (and his lovely wife Molly) Comey Brennan Clapper &amp; all of the many fired people of the FBI be listed in the Report? Will the corruption within the DNC &amp; Clinton Campaign be exposed?..And so much more!
....Foundation be listed at the top of the Report? Will the scathing document written about Lyin’ James Comey by the man in charge of the case Rod Rosenstein (who also signed the FISA Warrant) be a big part of the Report? Isn’t Rod therefore totally conflicted? Will all of....
.....overturned 9-0 in the United States Supreme Court. Doing same thing to people now. Will all of the substantial &amp; many contributions made by the 17 Angry Democrats to the Campaign of Crooked Hillary be listed in top of Report. Will the people that worked for the Clinton....
....Will Robert Mueller’s big time conflicts of interest be listed at the top of his Republicans only Report. Will Andrew Weissman’s horrible and vicious prosecutorial past be listed in the Report. He wrongly destroyed people’s lives took down great companies only to be........
Robert Mueller and Leakin’ Lyin’ James Comey are Best Friends just one of many Mueller Conflicts of Interest. And bye the way wasn’t the woman in charge of prosecuting Jerome Corsi (who I do not know) in charge of “legal” at the corrupt Clinton Foundation? A total Witch Hunt...
Arizona together with our Military and Border Patrol is bracing for a massive surge at a NON-WALLED area. WE WILL NOT LET THEM THROUGH. Big danger. Nancy and Chuck must approve Boarder Security and the Wall!
FAKE NEWS - THE ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE!
Trish_Regan:  “Did the FBI follow protocol to obtain the FISA warrant? I don’t think so. The Dossier was opposition research funded by opponents. Don’t use Government resources to take down political foes. Weaponizing Government for gain.” Is this really America? Witch Hunt!
Jerome Corsi: ”This is not justice this is not America. This is a political prosecution. The Special Prosecutor (Counsel) to get this plea deal demanded I lie and violate the law. They’re the criminals.” He is not alone. 17 Angry Dems. People forced to lie. Sad!  @Trish_Regan
Statement from China: “The teams of both sides are now having smooth communications and good cooperation with each other. We are full of confidence that an agreement can be reached within the next 90 days.” I agree!
Does the Fake News Media ever mention the fact that Republicans with the very important help of my campaign Rallies WON THE UNITED STATES SENATE 53 to 47? All I hear is that the Open Border Dems won the House. Senate alone approves judges &amp; others. Big Republican Win!
My thoughts and prayers are with the @USMC crew members who were involved in a mid-air collision off the coast of Japan. Thank you to @USForcesJapan for their immediate response and rescue efforts. Whatever you need we are here for you. @IIIMEF
Without the phony Russia Witch Hunt and with all that we have accomplished in the last almost two years (Tax &amp; Regulation Cuts Judge’s Military Vets etc.) my approval rating would be at 75% rather than the 50% just reported by Rasmussen. It’s called Presidential Harassment!
Working hard thank you! https://t.co/3SoWTkZjP6
Doug Wead a truly great presidential historian had a wonderful take on a very beautiful moment in history the funeral service today of President Bush. Doug was able to brilliantly cover some very important and interesting periods of time! @LouDobbs
Hopefully OPEC will be keeping oil flows as is not restricted. The World does not want to see or need higher oil prices!
Looking forward to being with the Bush family. This is not a funeral this is a day of celebration for a great man who has led a long and distinguished life. He will be missed!
.....considered to be the worst and most dangerous addictive and deadly substance of them all. Last year over 77000 people died from Fentanyl. If China cracks down on this “horror drug” using the Death Penalty for distributors and pushers the results will be incredible!
One of the very exciting things to come out of my meeting with President Xi of China is his promise to me to criminalize the sale of deadly Fentanyl coming into the United States. It will now be considered a “controlled substance.” This could be a game changer on what is.......
Very strong signals being sent by China once they returned home from their long trip including stops from Argentina. Not to sound naive or anything but I believe President Xi meant every word of what he said at our long and hopefully historic meeting. ALL subjects discussed!
.....China had agreed to start “immediately” buying U.S. products.” @business
“China officially echoed President Donald Trump’s optimism over bilateral trade talks. Chinese officials have begun preparing to restart imports of U.S. Soybeans &amp; Liquified Natural Gas the first sign confirming the claims of President Donald Trump and the White House that......
.....China does not want Tariffs!
We are either going to have a REAL DEAL with China or no deal at all - at which point we will be charging major Tariffs against Chinese product being shipped into the United States. Ultimately I believe we will be making a deal - either now or into the future....
....in the world. I want clean air and clean water and have been making great strides in improving America’s environment. But American taxpayers – and American workers – shouldn’t pay to clean up others countries’ pollution.
I am glad that my friend @EmmanuelMacron and the protestors in Paris have agreed with the conclusion I reached two years ago. The Paris Agreement is fatally flawed because it raises the price of energy for responsible countries while whitewashing some of the worst polluters....
RT @charliekirk11: There are riots in socialist France because of radical leftist fuel taxesMedia barely mentioning thisAmerica is boom…
Could somebody please explain to the Democrats (we need their votes) that our Country losses 250 Billion Dollars a year on illegal immigration not including the terrible drug flow. Top Border Security including a Wall is $25 Billion. Pays for itself in two months. Get it done!
.....But if a fair deal is able to be made with China one that does all of the many things we know must be finally done I will happily sign. Let the negotiations begin. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
....I am a Tariff Man. When people or countries come in to raid the great wealth of our Nation I want them to pay for the privilege of doing so. It will always be the best way to max out our economic power. We are right now taking in $billions in Tariffs. MAKE AMERICA RICH AGAIN
......on seeing whether or not a REAL deal with China is actually possible. If it is we will get it done. China is supposed to start buying Agricultural product and more immediately. President Xi and I want this deal to happen and it probably will. But if not remember......
The negotiations with China have already started. Unless extended they will end 90 days from the date of our wonderful and very warm dinner with President Xi in Argentina. Bob Lighthizer will be working closely with Steve Mnuchin Larry Kudlow Wilbur Ross and Peter Navarro.....
Looking forward to being with the wonderful Bush family at Blair House today. The former First Lady will be coming over to the White House this morning to be given a tour of the Christmas decorations by Melania. The elegance &amp; precision of the last two days have been remarkable!
#Remembering41 https://t.co/9xbFYlZzNs
Congratulations to newly inaugurated Mexican President @lopezobrador_. He had a tremendous political victory with the great support of the Mexican People. We will work well together for many years to come!
Looking forward to being with the Bush Family to pay my respects to President George H.W. Bush.
Bob Mueller (who is a much different man than people think) and his out of control band of Angry Democrats don’t want the truth they only want lies. The truth is very bad for their mission!
“I will never testify against Trump.” This statement was recently made by Roger Stone essentially stating that he will not be forced by a rogue and out of control prosecutor to make up lies and stories about “President Trump.” Nice to know that some people still have “guts!”
....his wife and father-in-law (who has the money?) off Scott Free. He lied for this outcome and should in my opinion serve a full and complete sentence.
“Michael Cohen asks judge for no Prison Time.” You mean he can do all of the TERRIBLE unrelated to Trump things having to do with fraud big loans Taxis etc. and not serve a long prison term? He makes up stories to get a GREAT &amp; ALREADY reduced deal for himself and get.....
We would save Billions of Dollars if the Democrats would give us the votes to build the Wall. Either way people will NOT be allowed into our Country illegally! We will close the entire Southern Border if necessary. Also STOP THE DRUGS!
I am certain that at some time in the future President Xi and I together with President Putin of Russia will start talking about a meaningful halt to what has become a major and uncontrollable Arms Race. The U.S. spent 716 Billion Dollars this year. Crazy!
President Xi and I have a very strong and personal relationship. He and I are the only two people that can bring about massive and very positive change on trade and far beyond between our two great Nations. A solution for North Korea is a great thing for China and ALL!
Farmers will be a a very BIG and FAST beneficiary of our deal with China. They intend to start purchasing agricultural product immediately. We make the finest and cleanest product in the World and that is what China wants. Farmers I LOVE YOU!
My meeting in Argentina with President Xi of China was an extraordinary one. Relations with China have taken a BIG leap forward! Very good things will happen. We are dealing from great strength but China likewise has much to gain if and when a deal is completed. Level the field!
China has agreed to reduce and remove tariffs on cars coming into China from the U.S. Currently the tariff is 40%.
This week Jews around the world will celebrate the miracles of Hanukkah. @FLOTUS Melania and I send our very best wishes for a blessed and Happy Hanukkah! https://t.co/LrnGcc86w4 https://t.co/Kdjeyvkzmb
....However out of respect for the Bush Family and former President George H.W. Bush we will wait until after the funeral to have a press conference.
I was very much looking forward to having a press conference just prior to leaving Argentina because we have had such great success in our dealing with various countries and their leaders at the G20....
President George H.W. Bush led a long successful and beautiful life.  Whenever I was with him I saw his absolute joy for life and true pride in his family. His accomplishments were great from beginning to end. He was a truly wonderful man and will be missed by all!
RT @realDonaldTrump: Statement from President Donald J. Trump and First Lady Melania Trump on the Passing of Former President George H.W. B…
Statement from President Donald J. Trump and First Lady Melania Trump on the Passing of Former President George H.W. Bush https://t.co/qxPsp4Ggs7
RT @EPN: En mi último día como Presidente me siento muy honrado de haber participado en la firma del nuevo Tratado Comercial entre México…
RT @AbeShinzo: ???????G20?????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????? htt…
RT @TheBlueHouseENG: President Moon (@moonriver365) and President Trump (@realDonaldTrump) reaffirmed their commitment to closely coordinat…
Watch @seanhannity on @FoxNews NOW. Enjoy!
Great day at the #G20Summit in Buenos Aires Argentina. Thank you! https://t.co/4IHvUdOygc
Great reviews on the USMCA - sooo much better than NAFTA!
To the Great people of Alaska. You have been hit hard by a “big one.” Please follow the directions of the highly trained professionals who are there to help you. Your Federal Government will spare no expense. God Bless you ALL!
Just signed one of the most important and largest Trade Deals in U.S. and World History. The United States Mexico and Canada worked so well together in crafting this great document. The terrible NAFTA will soon be gone. The USMCA will be fantastic for all!
#USMCA???????????? https://t.co/7CYsYBYbd1
....Lightly looked at doing a building somewhere in Russia. Put up zero money zero guarantees and didn’t do the project. Witch Hunt!
Oh I get it! I am a very good developer happily living my life when I see our Country going in the wrong direction (to put it mildly). Against all odds I decide to run for President &amp; continue to run my business-very legal &amp; very cool talked about it on the campaign trail...
Arrived in Argentina with a very busy two days planned. Important meetings scheduled throughout. Our great Country is extremely well represented. Will be very productive!
Alan Dershowitz: “These are not crimes. He (Mueller) has no authority to be a roving Commissioner. I don’t see any evidence of crimes.”  This is an illegal Hoax that should be ended immediately. Mueller refuses to look at the real crimes on the other side. Where is the IG REPORT?
“This demonstrates the Robert Mueller and his partisans have no evidence not a whiff of collusion between Trump and the Russians. Russian project legal. Trump Tower meeting (son Don) perfectly legal. He wasn’t involved with hacking.”     Gregg Jarrett.  A total Witch Hunt!
Just landed in Argentina with @FLOTUS Melania! #G20Summit https://t.co/Zg15gmPazF
As RNC Chair Ronna McDaniel oversaw history defying gains in the Senate and unprecedented fundraising strength. I have asked her to serve another term for my 2020 re-elect because there is no one better for the job!
We have been working hard on this - and it’s only going to get better! https://t.co/MtGjmhMO8B
With all of the new books coming out you can't forget two of the great originals written by @GreggJarrett and @JudgeJeanine Pirro. Their books both went to #1. Go get them now the phony Witch Hunt is well explained!
.@DBongino’s new book "Spygate: The Attempted Sabotage of Donald J. Trump" is terrific. He's tough he's smart and he really gets it. His book is on sale now I highly recommend!
....They have really done a great job in capturing my long-held views and ideas. This book is on sale now - a terrific read of a really interesting subject!
.@StephenMoore and Arthur Laffer two very talented men have just completed an incredible book on my Economic Policies or as they call it #TRUMPONOMICS....
.@SteveScalise has written an absolutely fascinating book (BACK IN THE GAME) on the world of D.C. politics and more. He has experienced so much in a short period of time. Few people have had his bravery or courage and he has come all the way back. A big power and great person!
....in Argentina with President Vladimir Putin. I look forward to a meaningful Summit again as soon as this situation is resolved!
Based on the fact that the ships and sailors have not been returned to Ukraine from Russia I have decided it would be best for all parties concerned to cancel my previously scheduled meeting....
Billions of Dollars are pouring into the coffers of the U.S.A. because of the Tariffs being charged to China and there is a long way to go. If companies don’t want to pay Tariffs build in the U.S.A. Otherwise lets just make our Country richer than ever before!
When will this illegal Joseph McCarthy style Witch Hunt one that has shattered so many innocent lives ever end-or will it just go on forever? After wasting more than $40000000 (is that possible?) it has proven only one thing-there was NO Collusion with Russia. So Ridiculous!
Did you ever see an investigation more in search of a crime? At the same time Mueller and the Angry Democrats aren’t even looking at the atrocious and perhaps subversive crimes that were committed by Crooked Hillary Clinton and the Democrats. A total disgrace!
General Motors is very counter to what other auto and other companies are doing. Big Steel is opening and renovating plants all over the country. Auto companies are pouring into the U.S. including BMW which just announced a major new plant. The U.S.A. is booming!
So much happening with the now discredited Witch Hunt. This total Hoax will be studied for years!
Sebastian Gorka a very talented man who I got to know well while he was working at the White House has just written an excellent book “Why We Fight.” Much will be learned from this very good read!
On behalf of @FLOTUS Melania and the entire Trump family I want to wish you all a very MERRY CHRISTMAS! May this Christmas Season bring peace to your hearts warmth to your homes cheer to your spirits and JOY TO THE WORLD! #NCTL2018?? https://t.co/XNMJQ5JDSU
Steel Dynamics announced that it will build a brand new 3 million ton steel mill in the Southwest that will create 600 good-paying U.S. JOBS. Steel JOBS are coming back to America just like I predicted. Congratulations to Steel Dynamics!
.....and G.M. would not be closing their plants in Ohio Michigan &amp; Maryland. Get smart Congress. Also the countries that send us cars have taken advantage of the U.S. for decades. The President has great power on this issue - Because of the G.M. event it is being studied now!
The reason that the small truck business in the U.S. is such a go to favorite is that for many years Tariffs of 25% have been put on small trucks coming into our country. It is called the “chicken tax.” If we did that with cars coming in many more cars would be built here.....
RT @charliekirk11: WOW - if a conservative said this they would be boycotted and not allowed back in the public arena — Hillary said “all b…
RT @dbongino: What the hell is this? ???? https://t.co/3haUa6XMRe
RT @MikePenceVP: I'm thankful for every day Hillary Clinton is not President!
RT @The_Trump_Train: Will CNN ever ask Border Patrol agents how they felt having large rocks chucked at them by criminal illegals?
RT @The_Trump_Train: Illegals can get up to $3874 a month under Federal Assistance program. Our social security checks are on average $120…
RT @The_Trump_Train: If GM doesn't want to keep their jobs in the United States they should pay back the $11.2 billion bailout that was fu…
RT @The_Trump_Train: https://t.co/FWJRNzBUB3
While the disgusting Fake News is doing everything within their power not to report it that way at least 3 major players are intimating that the Angry Mueller Gang of Dems is viciously telling witnesses to lie about facts &amp; they will get relief. This is our Joseph McCarthy Era!
Congratulations to Senator Cindy Hyde-Smith on your big WIN in the Great State of Mississippi. We are all very proud of you!
Brenda Snipes in charge of voting in Broward County Florida was just spotted wearing a beautiful dress with 300 I VOTED signs on it. Just kidding she is a fine very honorable and highly respected voting tactician!
The Mueller Witch Hunt is a total disgrace. They are looking at supposedly stolen Crooked Hillary Clinton Emails (even though they don’t want to look at the DNC Server) but have no interest in the Emails that Hillary DELETED &amp; acid washed AFTER getting a Congressional Subpoena!
Very disappointed with General Motors and their CEO Mary Barra for closing plants in Ohio Michigan and Maryland. Nothing being closed in Mexico &amp; China. The U.S. saved General Motors and this is the THANKS we get! We are now looking at cutting all @GM subsidies including....
....for electric cars. General Motors made a big China bet years ago when they built plants there (and in Mexico) - don’t think that bet is going to pay off. I am here to protect America’s Workers!
Polls are open in Mississippi. We need Cindy Hyde-Smith in Washington. GO OUT AND VOTE. Thanks!
....terrible Gang of Angry Democrats. Look at their past and look where they come from. The now $30000000 Witch Hunt continues and they’ve got nothing but ruined lives. Where is the Server? Let these terrible people go back to the Clinton Foundation and “Justice” Department!
....The Fake News Media builds Bob Mueller up as a Saint when in actuality he is the exact opposite. He is doing TREMENDOUS damage to our Criminal Justice System where he is only looking at one side and not the other. Heroes will come of this and it won’t be Mueller and his...
The Phony Witch Hunt continues but Mueller and his gang of Angry Dems are only looking at one side not the other. Wait until it comes out how horribly &amp; viciously they are treating people ruining lives for them refusing to lie. Mueller is a conflicted prosecutor gone rogue....
RT @GOP: “Tomorrow the voters of this state will cast their ballots in one of the most important Senate elections of your lives—of all of…
RT @GOP: “Only with a strong Senate GOP majority can we defend your tax cuts defend your Second Amendment protect your Medicare and Socia…
RT @GOP: “I need the great people of Mississippi to send a message to… the radical Democrats by electing @cindyhydesmith.” -@realDonaldTrum…
....starts today election is on December 4th. @VoteBradRaff is tough on Crime and Borders Loves our Military and Vets. He will be great for jobs!
Brad Raffensperger will be a fantastic Secretary of State for Georgia - will work closely with @BrianKempGA. It is really important that you get out and vote for Brad - early voting....
While CNN doesn’t do great in the United States based on ratings outside of the U.S. they have very little competition. Throughout the world CNN has a powerful voice portraying the United States in an unfair....
....and false way. Something has to be done including the possibility of the United States starting our own Worldwide Network to show the World the way we really are GREAT!
On the ten-year anniversary of the Mumbai terror attack the U.S. stands with the people of India in their quest for justice. The attack killed 166 innocents including six Americans. We will never let terrorists win or even come close to winning!
....hundreds of people closely involved with my campaign who never met saw or spoke to a Russian during this period? So many campaign workers people inside from the beginning ask me why they have not been called (they want to be). There was NO Collusion &amp; Mueller knows it!
When Mueller does his final report will he be covering all of his conflicts of interest in a preamble will he be recommending action on all of the crimes of many kinds from those “on the other side”(whatever happened to Podesta?) and will he be putting in statements from.....
Mexico should move the flag waving Migrants many of whom are stone cold criminals back to their countries. Do it by plane do it by bus do it anyway you want but they are NOT coming into the U.S.A. We will close the Border permanently if need be. Congress fund the WALL!
....children from parents as did Bush etc. because that is the policy and law. I tried to keep them together but the problem is when you do that vast numbers of additional people storm the Border. So with Obama seperation is fine but with Trump it’s not. Fake 60 Minutes!
.@60Minutes did a phony story about child separation when they know we had the exact same policy as the Obama Administration. In fact a picture of children in jails was used by other Fake Media to show how bad (cruel) we are but it was in 2014 during O years. Obama separated....
Clinton Foundation donations drop 42% - which shows that they illegally played the power game. They monetized their political influence through the Foundation. “During her tenure the State Department was put in the service of the Clinton Foundation.”  Andrew McCarthy
Europe has to pay their fair share for Military Protection. The European Union for many years has taken advantage of us on Trade and then they don’t live up to their Military commitment through NATO. Things must change fast!
General Anthony Tata: “President Trump is a man of his word &amp; he said he was going to be tough on the Border and he is tough on the Border. He has rightfully strengthened the Border in the face of an unprecedented threat. It’s the right move by President Trump.” Thanks General!
Mississippi Vote for @cindyhydesmith on Tuesday. Respected by all. We need her in Washington!. Thanks!
So great that oil prices are falling (thank you President T). Add that which is like a big Tax Cut to our other good Economic news. Inflation down (are you listening Fed)!
Would be very SMART if Mexico would stop the Caravans long before they get to our Southern Border or if originating countries would not let them form (it is a way they get certain people out of their country and dump in U.S. No longer). Dems created this problem. No crossings!
The large and violent French protests don’t take into account how badly the United States has been treated on Trade by the European Union or on fair and reasonable payments for our GREAT military protection. Both of these topics must be remedied soon.
I will be in Gulfport and Tupelo Mississippi on Monday night doing two Rallies for Senator Hyde-Smith who has a very important Election on Tuesday. She is an outstanding person who is strong on the Border Crime Military our great Vets Healthcare &amp; the 2nd A. Needed in D.C.
Victor Davis Hanson was a very good and interesting guest of Mark Levin on @FoxNews. He wrote a highly touted book called “The Second World Wars” and a new book will soon be coming out called “The Case For Trump.” Recommend both. @marklevinshow
....All will stay in Mexico. If for any reason it becomes necessary we will CLOSE our Southern Border. There is no way that the United States will after decades of abuse put up with this costly and dangerous situation anymore!
Migrants at the Southern Border will not be allowed into the United States until their claims are individually approved in court. We only will allow those who come into our Country legally. Other than that our very strong policy is Catch and Detain. No “Releasing” into the U.S...
RT @WhiteHouse: Small Business Saturday has become a staple of the post-Thanksgiving shopping weekend. "This year Small Business Saturday…
RT @realDonaldTrump: The Fake News is showing old footage of people climbing over our Ocean Area Fence. This is what it really looks like -…
I am extremely happy and proud of the job being done by @USTreasury Secretary @StevenMnuchin1. The FAKE NEWS likes to write stories to the contrary quoting phony sources or jealous people but they aren’t true. They never like to ask me for a quote b/c it would kill their story.
Really good Criminal Justice Reform has a true shot at major bipartisan support. @senatemajldr Mitch McConnell and @SenSchumer have a real chance to do something so badly needed in our country. Already passed with big vote in House. Would be a major victory for ALL!
Really good Criminal Justice Reform has a true shot at major bipartisan support. @senatemajldr Mitch McConnell and @senchuckschumer have a real chance to do something so badly needed in our country. Already past with big vote in House. Would be a major victory for ALL!
Republicans and Democrats MUST come together finally with a major Border Security package which will include funding for the Wall. After 40 years of talk it is finally time for action. Fix the Border for once and for all NOW!
Our highly trained security professionals are not allowed to do their job on the Border because of the Judicial Activism and Interference by the 9th Circuit. Nevertheless they are working hard to make America a safer place though hard to do when anybody filing a lawsuit wins!
This is the coldest weather in the history of the Thanksgiving Day Parade in NYC and one of the coldest Thanksgivings on record!
https://t.co/y4chCfEDke
Will be speaking with our great military in different parts of the world through teleconference at 9:00 A.M. Eastern. Then it will be off to see our Coast Guard patriots &amp; to thank them for the great job they have been doing especially with the hurricanes. Happy Thanksgiving!
....and Safety at the Border or anywhere else. They know nothing about it and are making our Country unsafe. Our great Law Enforcement professionals MUST BE ALLOWED TO DO THEIR JOB! If not there will be only bedlam chaos injury and death. We want the Constitution as written!
Justice Roberts can say what he wants but the 9th Circuit is a complete &amp; total disaster. It is out of control has a horrible reputation is overturned more than any Circuit in the Country 79% &amp; is used to get an almost guaranteed result. Judges must not Legislate Security...
HAPPY THANKSGIVING TO ALL!
“It’s a mean &amp; nasty world out there the Middle East in particular. This is a long and historic commitment &amp; one that is absolutely vital to America’s national security.” @SecPompeo  I agree 100%. In addition many Billions of Dollars of purchases made in U.S. big Jobs &amp; Oil!
You just can’t win with the Fake News Media. A big story today is that because I have pushed so hard and gotten Gasoline Prices so low more people are driving and I have caused traffic jams throughout our Great Nation. Sorry everyone!
Brutal and Extended Cold Blast could shatter ALL RECORDS - Whatever happened to Global Warming?
RT @realDonaldTrump: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
RT @realDonaldTrump: AMERICA FIRST!
“79% of these decisions have been overturned in the 9th Circuit.” @FoxNews  A terrible costly and dangerous disgrace. It has become a dumping ground for certain lawyers looking for easy wins and delays. Much talk over dividing up the 9th Circuit into 2 or 3 Circuits. Too big!
There are a lot of CRIMINALS in the Caravan. We will stop them. Catch and Detain! Judicial Activism by people who know nothing about security and the safety of our citizens is putting our country in great danger. Not good!
“Thank you to President Trump on the Border. No American President has ever done this before.” Hector Garza National Border Patrol Council
.....are so many opposing view (on Border and Safety) cases filed there and why are a vast number of those cases overturned. Please study the numbers they are shocking. We need protection and security - these rulings are making our country unsafe! Very dangerous and unwise!
Sorry Chief Justice John Roberts but you do indeed have “Obama judges” and they have a much different point of view than the people who are charged with the safety of our country. It would be great if the 9th Circuit was indeed an “independent judiciary” but if it is why......
Great new book out “Mad Politics: Keeping Your Sanity in a World Gone Crazy” by @RealDrGina Loudon. Go out and get your copy today — a great read!
“‘Trump Imitation Syndrome’ is afflicting the president’s liberal enemies” Thank you @MGoodwin_NYPost! https://t.co/KpmsrKCaBZ
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Oil prices getting lower. Great! Like a big Tax Cut for America and the World. Enjoy! $54 was just $82. Thank you to Saudi Arabia but let’s go lower!
AMERICA FIRST!
So-called comedian Michelle Wolf bombed so badly last year at the White House Correspondents’ Dinner that this year for the first time in decades they will have an author instead of a comedian. Good first step in comeback of a dying evening and tradition! Maybe I will go?
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump joined by @FLOTUS has officially pardoned this year's National Thanksgiving Turkey Peas—and h…
I hope the discovery and eventual recovery of the Argentine submarine San Juan brings needed closure to the wonderful families of those brave missing sailors. I look forward to hearing more from my friend President @MauricioMacri in Argentina later this month.
RT @FLOTUS: The @WhiteHouse is getting ready for the Christmas season! Thank you to the Smith Family &amp; the National Christmas Tree Associat…
RT @WhiteHouse: President Trump and the First Lady Participate in the White House Christmas Tree Delivery https://t.co/O6Nr8k1mnu
The Fake News is showing old footage of people climbing over our Ocean Area Fence. This is what it really looks like - no climbers anymore under our Administration! https://t.co/CD4ltRePML
....We no longer pay Pakistan the $Billions because they would take our money and do nothing for us Bin Laden being a prime example Afghanistan being another. They were just one of many countries that take from the United States without giving anything in return. That’s ENDING!
Of course we should have captured Osama Bin Laden long before we did. I pointed him out in my book just BEFORE the attack on the World Trade Center. President Clinton famously missed his shot. We paid Pakistan Billions of Dollars &amp; they never told us he was living there. Fools!..
RT @realDonaldTrump: “Boom: Record high business optimism need for employees at 45-year high” https://t.co/jBFjEwAcfd
.@cindyhydesmith loves Mississippi and our Great U.S.A. https://t.co/hQPC4CrhDi
RT @realDonaldTrump: I will be interviewed by Chris Wallace on @FoxNews at 2:00 P.M. and 7:00 P.M. Enjoy!
From day one Rick Scott never wavered. He was a great Governor and will be even a greater Senator in representing the People of Florida. Congratulations to Rick on having waged such a courageous and successful campaign!
Catch and Release is an obsolete term. It is now Catch and Detain. Illegal Immigrants trying to come into the U.S.A. often proudly flying the flag of their nation as they ask for U.S. Asylum will be detained or turned away. Dems must approve Border Security &amp; Wall NOW!
RT @realDonaldTrump: I will be interviewed by Chris Wallace on @FoxNews at 2:00 P.M. and 7:00 P.M. Enjoy!
The Mayor of Tijuana Mexico just stated that “the City is ill-prepared to handle this many migrants the backlog could last 6 months.” Likewise the U.S. is ill-prepared for this invasion and will not stand for it. They are causing crime and big problems in Mexico. Go home!
So funny to see little Adam Schitt (D-CA) talking about the fact that Acting Attorney General Matt Whitaker was not approved by the Senate but not mentioning the fact that Bob Mueller (who is highly conflicted) was not approved by the Senate!
I will be interviewed by Chris Wallace on @FoxNews at 2:00 P.M. and 7:00 P.M. Enjoy!
RT @FoxNewsSunday: Chris Wallace during his interview at the White House with President Trump. Check your local listings to watch this Sund…
Incredible to be with our GREAT HEROES today in California. We will always be with you! https://t.co/B1MCTF83Zf
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump is traveling to California to meet with those impacted by the devastating wildfires. Learn how t…
Heading to California with @GOPLeader Kevin McCarthy @RepLaMalfa and @KenCalvert. Look forward to being with our brave Firefighters First Responders and @FEMA along with the many brave People of California. We are with you all the way – God Bless you all!
....I can’t imagine any President having a better or closer relationship with their Vice President then the two of us. Just more FAKE NEWS the Enemy of the People!
The New York Times did a phony story as usual about my relationship with @VP Mike Pence. They made up sources and refused to ask me the only one that would know for a quote....
Congratulations to Andrew Gillum on having run a really tough and competitive race for Governor of the Great State of Florida. He will be a strong Democrat warrior long into the future - a force to reckon with!
I can get Nancy Pelosi as many votes as she wants in order for her to be Speaker of the House. She deserves this victory she has earned it - but there are those in her party who are trying to take it away. She will win! @TomReedCongress
Thank you @JerryBrownGov. Look forward to joining you and @GavinNewsom tomorrow in California. We are with you! https://t.co/UuXWAadmov
....their country’s flag. Can this be possible? Yes because it is all a BIG CON and the American taxpayer is paying for it!
Isn’t it ironic that large Caravans of people are marching to our border wanting U.S.A. asylum because they are fearful of being in their country - yet they are proudly waving....
Congratulations to Brian Kemp on becoming the new Governor of Georgia. Stacey Abrams fought brilliantly and hard - she will have a terrific political future! Brian was unrelenting and will become a great Governor for the truly Wonderful People of Georgia!
Congratulations to Ron DeSantis on becoming the new Governor of Florida. Against all odds he fought &amp; fought &amp; fought the result being a historic victory. He never gave up and never will. He will be a great Governor!
PRESIDENTIAL MEDAL OF FREEDOM https://t.co/Mgeg4wijTk
People are not being told that the Republican Party is on track to pick up two seats in the U.S. Senate and epic victory: 53 to 47. The Fake News Media only wants to speak of the House where the Midterm results were better than other sitting Presidents.
Today in the East Room of the @WhiteHouse it was my true privilege to award seven extraordinary Americans with the Presidential Medal of Freedom...https://t.co/TuEy635mav
People are not being told that the Republican Party is on track to pick up two seats in the U.S. Senate and epic victory: 53 to 47. The Fake News Media only wants to speak of the House were the Midterm results were better than other sitting Presidents.
It is our sacred duty to support America’s Service Members every single day they wear the uniform – and every day after when they return home as Veterans. Together we will HONOR those who defend us we will CHERISH those who protect us and we will celebrate the amazing heroes... https://t.co/kovcIj4fwU
Last year I signed the landmark VA Accountability Act to ensure those who mistreat our Veterans can be held fully accountable. Since my inauguration we have removed more than 3600 government employees who were not giving our Vets the care they deserve.... https://t.co/KqWXXt7D4U
It was my great honor to host a @WhiteHouse Conference on Supporting Veterans &amp; Military Families...To everyone here today who has served our Country in uniform &amp; to every Veteran &amp; Military family across our land I want to express the eternal gratitude of our entire Nation! https://t.co/MK8jUaTGFK
.@FLOTUS Melania and I were honored to visit with our GREAT U.S. MARINES at the Marine Barracks here in Washington D.C. We love you @USMC @MBWDC! https://t.co/ASWmDZrDRK https://t.co/xYrPw9zzVv
The only “Collusion” is that of the Democrats with Russia and many others. Why didn’t the FBI take the Server from the DNC? They still don’t have it. Check out how biased Facebook Google and Twitter are in favor of the Democrats. That’s the real Collusion!
Universities will someday study what highly conflicted (and NOT Senate approved) Bob Mueller and his gang of Democrat thugs have done to destroy people. Why is he protecting Crooked Hillary Comey McCabe Lisa Page &amp; her lover Peter S and all of his friends on the other side?
....care how many lives the ruin. These are Angry People including the highly conflicted Bob Mueller who worked for Obama for 8 years. They won’t even look at all of the bad acts and crimes on the other side. A TOTAL WITCH HUNT LIKE NO OTHER IN AMERICAN HISTORY!
The inner workings of the Mueller investigation are a total mess. They have found no collusion and have gone absolutely nuts. They are screaming and shouting at people horribly threatening them to come up with the answers they want. They are a disgrace to our Nation and don’t...
The White House is running very smoothly and the results for our Nation are obviously very good. We are the envy of the world. But anytime I even think about making changes the FAKE NEWS MEDIA goes crazy always seeking to make us look as bad as possible! Very dishonest!
Our pledge to hire American includes those leaving prison and looking for a very fresh start — new job and new life. The legislation I am supporting today contains many significant reforms. Read more here: https://t.co/BwQ3qd9Fyk https://t.co/6DUY9KNTpR
I am grateful to be here today w/ Members of the House &amp; Senate who have poured their time heart and energy into the crucial issue of Prison Reform. Working together w/ my Admin over the last two years these members have reached a bipartisan agreement...https://t.co/wflidv2cZr
Just spoke to Governor Jerry Brown to let him know that we are with him and the people of California all the way!
Was just briefed by @FEMA_Brock and @SecretaryZinke who are in California. Thank you to the great Firefighters First Responders and @FEMA for the incredible job they are doing w/ the California Wildfires. Our Nation appreciates your heroism courage &amp; genius. God Bless you all!
Not seen in many years America’s steelworkers get a hard-earned raise because of my Administration’s policies to help bring back the U.S. steel industry which is critical to our National Security. I will always protect America and its workers!
“Boom: Record high business optimism need for employees at 45-year high” https://t.co/jBFjEwAcfd
It was my great honor to host a celebration of Diwali the Hindu Festival of Lights in the Roosevelt Room at the @WhiteHouse this afternoon. Very very special people! https://t.co/kQk7IvpSFo https://t.co/tYlBABg4JF
Today we gathered for Diwali a holiday observed by Buddhists Sikhs and Jains throughout the United States &amp; around the world. Hundreds of millions of people have gathered with family &amp; friends to light the Diya and to mark the beginning of a New Year. https://t.co/epHogpTY1A https://t.co/9LUwnhngWJ
Today we gathered for Diwali a holiday observed by Buddhists Sikhs and Jains throughout the United States &amp; around the world. Hundreds of millions of people have gathered with family &amp; friends to light the Diya and to mark the beginning of a New Year. https://t.co/a1QRfaPm37 https://t.co/LKRTr0nCQl
We mourn for the lives lost and we pray for the victims of the California Wildfires. I want to thank the Firefighters and First Responders for their incredible courage in the face of grave danger.... https://t.co/3YQYZR8OzS
The story in the New York Times concerning North Korea developing missile bases is inaccurate. We fully know about the sites being discussed nothing new - and nothing happening out of the normal. Just more Fake News. I will be the first to let you know if things go bad!
When will Bill Nelson concede in Florida? The characters running Broward and Palm Beach voting will not be able to “find” enough votes too much spotlight on them now!
By the way when the helicopter couldn’t fly to the first cemetery in France because of almost zero visibility I suggested driving. Secret Service said NO too far from airport &amp; big Paris shutdown. Speech next day at American Cemetery in pouring rain! Little reported-Fake News!
By the way when the helicopter couldn’t fly to the first cemetery in France because of almost zero visibility I suggested driving. Secret Service said NO too far from airport &amp; big Paris shutdown. Speech next day at American Cemetary in pouring rain! Little reported-Fake News!
......MAKE FRANCE GREAT AGAIN!
The problem is that Emmanuel suffers from a very low Approval Rating in France 26% and an unemployment rate of almost 10%. He was just trying to get onto another subject. By the way there is no country more Nationalist than France very proud people-and rightfully so!........
On Trade France makes excellent wine but so does the U.S. The problem is that France makes it very hard for the U.S. to sell its wines into France and charges big Tariffs whereas the U.S. makes it easy for French wines and charges very small Tariffs. Not fair must change!
Emmanuel Macron suggests building its own army to protect Europe against the U.S. China and Russia. But it was Germany in World Wars One &amp; Two - How did that work out for France? They were starting to learn German in Paris before the U.S. came along. Pay for NATO or not!
I just approved an expedited request for a Major Disaster Declaration for the State of California. Wanted to respond quickly in order to alleviate some of the incredible suffering going on. I am with you all the way. God Bless all of the victims and families affected.
Hopefully Saudi Arabia and OPEC will not be cutting oil production. Oil prices should be much lower based on supply!
American Cable Association has big problems with Comcast. They say that Comcast routinely violates Antitrust Laws. “These guys are acting much worse and have much more potential for damage to consumers than anything AT&amp;T-Time Warner would do.” Charlie Gasparino
The California Fire Fighters FEMA and  First Responders are amazing and very brave. Thank you and God Bless you all!
The prospect of Presidential Harassment by the Dems is causing the Stock Market big headaches!
The Florida Election should be called in favor of Rick Scott and Ron DeSantis in that large numbers of new ballots showed up out of nowhere and many ballots are missing or forged. An honest vote count is no longer possible-ballots massively infected. Must go with Election Night!
.....of money spent on protecting other countries and we get nothing but Trade Deficits and Losses. It is time that these very rich countries either pay the United States for its great military protection or protect themselves...and Trade must be made FREE and FAIR!
.....hundreds of billions of dollars for the great privilege of losing hundreds of billions of dollars with these same countries on trade. I told them that this situation cannot continue - It is and always has been ridiculously unfair to the United States. Massive amounts.....
Just returned from France where much was accomplished in my meetings with World Leaders. Never easy bringing up the fact that the U.S. must be treated fairly which it hasn’t on both Military and Trade. We pay for LARGE portions of other countries military protection........
Exactly 100 years ago today on November 11th 1918 World War I came to an end. We are gathered together at this hallowed resting place to pay tribute to the brave Americans who gave their last breath in that mighty struggle.... https://t.co/JPUkOr4rW1
RT @FLOTUS: Today we remember the brave actions of our troops and those of our allies during WWI. Honored to be spending this day honoring…
Poland a great country - Congratulations on the 100th Anniversary of your Independence. I will never forget my time there! https://t.co/gEme6McF1x
RT @WhiteHouse: President Trump Attends the American Commemoration Ceremony at Suresnes American Cemetery https://t.co/P6PgE1zXuE
Beautiful ceremony today in Paris commemorating the end of World War One. Many World leaders in attendance. Thank you to @EmmanuelMacron President of France! Now off to Suresnes American Cemetery to make speech in honor of our great heroes! Then back to the U.S.A.
On this Veterans Day — the 100th Anniversary of the end of WWI we honor the brave HEROES who fought for America in the Great War and every Veteran who has worn the uniform and kept our Nation Safe Strong and FREE! https://t.co/zBvvYRR7XE https://t.co/YO06ztfvNm
With proper Forest Management we can stop the devastation constantly going on in California. Get Smart!
These California fires are expanding very very quickly (in some cases 80-100 acres a minute). If people don’t evacuate quickly they risk being overtaken by the fire. Please listen to evacuation orders from State and local officials!
More than 4000 are fighting the Camp and Woolsey Fires in California that have burned over 170000 acres. Our hearts are with those fighting the fires the 52000 who have evacuated and the families of the 11 who have died. The destruction is catastrophic. God Bless them all.
Trying to STEAL two big elections in Florida! We are watching closely!
Had very productive meetings and calls for our Country today. Meeting tonight with World Leaders!
Happy 243rd Birthday to our GREAT U.S. Marine Corps???? https://t.co/1cPtoMfmxP
I am in Paris getting ready to celebrate the end of World War One. Is there anything better to celebrate than the end of a war in particular that one which was one of the bloodiest and worst of all time?
There is no reason for these massive deadly and costly forest fires in California except that forest management is so poor. Billions of dollars are given each year with so many lives lost all because of gross mismanagement of the forests. Remedy now or no more Fed payments!
....Mr. Whitaker is very highly thought of by @SenJoniErnst Senator @ChuckGrassley Ambassador @TerryBranstad Leonard Leo of Federalist Society and many more. I feel certain he will make an outstanding Acting Attorney General!
Matthew G. Whitaker is a highly respected former U.S. Attorney from Iowa. He was chosen by Jeff Sessions to be his Chief of Staff. I did not know Mr. Whitaker. Likewise as Chief I did not know Mr. Whitaker except primarily as he traveled with A.G. Sessions. No social contact...
President Macron of France has just suggested that Europe build its own military in order to protect itself from the U.S. China and Russia. Very insulting but perhaps Europe should first pay its fair share of NATO which the U.S. subsidizes greatly!
Just out — in Arizona SIGNATURES DON’T MATCH. Electoral corruption - Call for a new Election? We must protect our Democracy!
Thank you @marcorubio for helping to expose the potential corruption going on with respect to Election Theft in Broward and Palm Beach Counties. The WORLD is now watching closely!
In the 2016 Election I was winning by so much in Florida that Broward County which was very late with vote tabulation and probably getting ready to do a “number” couldn’t do it because not enough people live in Broward for them to falsify a victory!
Mayor Gillum conceded on Election Day and now Broward County has put him “back into play.” Bill Nelson conceded Election - now he’s back in play!? This is an embarrassment to our Country and to Democracy!
Rick Scott was up by 50000+ votes on Election Day now they “found” many votes and he is only up 15000 votes. “The Broward Effect.” How come they never find Republican votes?
Jeff Flake(y) doesn’t want to protect the Non-Senate confirmed Special Counsel he wants to protect his future after being unelectable in Arizona for the “crime” of doing a terrible job! A weak and ineffective guy!
As soon as Democrats sent their best Election stealing lawyer Marc Elias to Broward County they miraculously started finding Democrat votes. Don’t worry Florida - I am sending much better lawyers to expose the FRAUD!
You mean they are just now finding votes in Florida and Georgia – but the Election was on Tuesday? Let’s blame the Russians and demand an immediate apology from President Putin!
.@BrianKempGA ran a great race in Georgia – he won. It is time to move on!
“Presidential Proclamation Addressing Mass Migration Through the Southern Border of the United States” https://t.co/9blzn1XGyS
Law Enforcement is looking into another big corruption scandal having to do with Election Fraud in #Broward and Palm Beach. Florida voted for Rick Scott!
....Great bravery shown by police. California Highway Patrol was on scene within 3 minutes with first officer to enter shot numerous times. That Sheriff’s Sergeant died in the hospital. God bless all of the victims and families of the victims. Thank you to Law Enforcement.
I have been fully briefed on the terrible shooting in California. Law Enforcement and First Responders together with the FBI are on scene. 13 people at this time have been reported dead. Likewise the shooter is dead along with the first police officer to enter the bar....
....We thank Attorney General Jeff Sessions for his service and wish him well! A permanent replacement will be nominated at a later date.
We are pleased to announce that Matthew G. Whitaker Chief of Staff to Attorney General Jeff Sessions at the Department of Justice will become our new Acting Attorney General of the United States. He will serve our Country well....
According to NBC News Voters Nationwide Disapprove of the so-called Mueller Investigation (46%) more than they Approve (41%). You mean they are finally beginning to understand what a disgusting Witch Hunt led by 17 Angry Democrats is all about!
In all fairness Nancy Pelosi deserves to be chosen Speaker of the House by the Democrats. If they give her a hard time perhaps we will add some Republican votes. She has earned this great honor!
If the Democrats think they are going to waste Taxpayer Money investigating us at the House level then we will likewise be forced to consider investigating them for all of the leaks of Classified Information and much else at the Senate level. Two can play that game!
To any of the pundits or talking heads that do not give us proper credit for this great Midterm Election just remember two words - FAKE NEWS!
I will be doing a news conference at The White House - 11:30 A.M. Will be discussing our success in the Midterms!
Those that worked with me in this incredible Midterm Election embracing certain policies and principles did very well. Those that did not say goodbye! Yesterday was such a very Big Win and all under the pressure of a Nasty and Hostile Media!
Ron DeSantis showed great courage in his hard fought campaign to become the Governor of Florida. Congratulations to Ron and family!
Received so many Congratulations from so many on our Big Victory last night including from foreign nations (friends) that were waiting me out and hoping on Trade Deals. Now we can all get back to work and get things done!
.@DavidAsmanfox  “How do the Democrats respond to this? Think of how his position with Republicans improves-all the candidates who won tonight. They realize how important he is because of what he did in campaigning for them. They owe him their political career.” Thanks I agree!
....unbelievably lucky to have him and I’m just awed at how well they’ve done. It’s all the Trump magic - Trump is the magic man. Incredible he’s got the entire media against him attacking him every day and he pulls out these enormous wins.” Ben Stein “The Capitalist Code”
“There’s only been 5 times in the last 105 years that an incumbent President has won seats in the Senate in the off year election. Mr. Trump has magic about him. This guy has magic coming out of his ears. He is an astonishing vote getter &amp; campaigner. The Republicans are.........
Tremendous success tonight. Thank you to all!
Congressman Randy Hultgren (R) of Illinois is doing a great job. Get out and Vote for Randy - Total Endorsement!
Florida very important - get out and vote for Florida Congressional Candidate Michael Waltz (R). He has my Strong Endorsement!
Epstein all the way in Michigan House 11. She is a wonderful person and at the same time a real fighter. Has my Strong Endorsement!
RT @FLOTUS: Vote Red ???? MAGA ???? https://t.co/i95OiBimxA https://t.co/ncvDcAP8LZ
Bob Hugin successful all of his life would be a Great Senator from New Jersey. He has my complete and total Endorsement! Get out and Vote for Bob.
POLLING LOCATIONS: https://t.co/0pWiwCHGbh
RT @realDonaldTrump: Fantastic #MAGARally????in West Virginia thank you. Everyone get out and VOTE for Patrick @MorriseyWV and @CarolMillerW…
RT @realDonaldTrump: Indiana Rally and Coach Bobby Knight were incredible last night. Packed House in Honor of Mike Braun for Senate. Mik…
RT @realDonaldTrump: Get out and VOTE for @DeanHeller! https://t.co/4HEkpQL3oy
RT @realDonaldTrump: New York get out and VOTE for @JohnFasoNy a great and hardworking Congressman. We need John’s voice in D.C. His oppo…
RT @realDonaldTrump: If Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi gain the majority they will try to raise your taxes restore job-killing regulation…
RT @realDonaldTrump: Arizona is such a Great State but it needs Border Security which @MarthaMcSally will provide and Krysten Sinema doesn…
RT @realDonaldTrump: Rumor has it that Senator Joe Donnelly of Indiana is paying for Facebook ads for his so-called opponent on the liberta…
RT @realDonaldTrump: ....Lake Okeechobee and all of the hurricane money were a passion for Rick Scott who called endlessly on behalf of th…
RT @realDonaldTrump: In all the time I’ve been President almost two years never once did Senator Bill Nelson call me to ask for help for…
RT @realDonaldTrump: Another fantastic #MAGARally tonight in the Great State of Florida. In just 3 days the People of Florida are going to…
RT @realDonaldTrump: Thank you Macon Georgia! Get out on Tuesday November 6th and VOTE for @BrianKempGA as your next Governor to protect…
RT @realDonaldTrump: If @AndrewGillum did the same job with Florida that he has done in Tallahassee as Mayor the State will be a crime rid…
RT @realDonaldTrump: No matter what she says Senator Claire McCaskill will always vote against us and the Great State of Missouri! Vote fo…
RT @realDonaldTrump: I need @claudiatenney of #NY22 to be re-elected in order to get our big plans moving. Her opponent would be a disaster…
RT @realDonaldTrump: REMEMBER FLORIDA: I have been President of the United States for almost two years. During that time Senator Bill Nelso…
RT @realDonaldTrump: Law Enforcement has been strongly notified to watch closely for any ILLEGAL VOTING which may take place in Tuesday’s E…
RT @realDonaldTrump: “Bill Nelson is kind of an empty figure in Washington. You never hear his name he’s never in debates on key issues -…
Congressman Peter King of New York is a hardworking gem. Loves his Country and his State. Get out and VOTE for Peter!
There is a rumor put out by the Democrats that Josh Hawley of Missouri left the Arena last night early. It is Fake News. He met me at the plane when I arrived spoke at the great Rally &amp; stayed to the very end. In fact I said goodbye to him and left before he did. Deception!
A fantastic evening in Cape Girardeau Missouri. Josh @HawleyMO will be a tireless champion for YOU. He is great on jobs great on tax cuts and tough on crime. He shares your values and he will always support our Military Vets and Police! Get out tomorrow and VOTE for Josh!! https://t.co/YPB8nqX2d6
A vote for Claire McCaskill is a vote for Schumer Pelosi Waters and their socialist agenda. Claire voted IN FAVOR of deadly Sanctuary Cities - she would rather protect criminal aliens than American citizens which is why she needs to be voted out of office. Vote @HawleyMO! https://t.co/tn2zsEWQJ5
A fantastic evening in Girardeau Missouri. Josh @HawleyMO will be a tireless champion for YOU. He is great on jobs great on tax cuts and tough on crime. He shares your values and he will always support our Military Vets and Police! Get out tomorrow and VOTE for Josh!! https://t.co/8zgyv5x2A6
RT @IvankaTrump: Ohio??Indiana??Missouri ???????????? https://t.co/Xn51CudZUt
RT @DanScavino: .@TheLeeGreenwood singing GOD BLESS THE USA in Cape Girardeau Missouri at @realDonaldTrump’s #MAGARally... https://t.co/Gl…
You have been loyal and faithful to your Country and now you have a President that is loyal and faithful to you. Get out tomorrow and https://t.co/HfihPERFgZ! https://t.co/Fr6HlmA7y6
On my way see you soon Cape Girardeau Missouri! #MAGARally https://t.co/0pWiwCHGbh https://t.co/XZdgktuTmL
Massive crowd inside and outside the Allen County War Memorial Coliseum in Fort Wayne Indiana! Thank you for joining us tonight - and make sure you get out and https://t.co/0pWiwCHGbh tomorrow! https://t.co/8APMivyM0x
There is only one way to stop this Democrat-Led assault on our sovereignty – you have to VOTE Republican TOMORROW! Polling locations: https://t.co/0pWiwCHGbh https://t.co/ggs0zcXaQu
Thank you Indiana! A vote for Mike @Braun4Indiana is a vote to keep your jobs going up your wages going up and your healthcare costs coming down. It’s a vote to keep your families safe &amp; to keep criminals traffickers &amp; drug dealers OUT of our Country! Get out and for for Mike! https://t.co/3AE7WcHZej
Just landed in Fort Wayne Indiana for a #MAGARally at the Allen County War Memorial Coliseum. See everyone soon! https://t.co/0pWiwCHGbh
Republicans have created the best economy in the HISTORY of our Country – and the hottest jobs market on planet earth. The Democrat Agenda is a Socialist Nightmare. The Republican Agenda is the AMERICAN DREAM! https://t.co/0pWiwCHGbh https://t.co/JfdM1p5xxY
Thank you Ohio! When you enter the voting booth tomorrow you will be making a simple choice. A vote for Republicans is a vote to continue our extraordinary prosperity. A vote for Dems is a vote to bring this Economic Boom crashing to a sudden screeching halt. Vote @MikeDeWine! https://t.co/iai8bSEgBh
Something’s happening America! Get out tomorrow and https://t.co/0pWiwCHGbh so together we can KEEP MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!! https://t.co/zajBieMWpl
“Bill Nelson is kind of an empty figure in Washington. You never hear his name he’s never in debates on key issues - he is just under the radar.” Chris Wallace on @FoxNews  In other words Nelson is a “stiff.”
RT @EricTrump: Friends We are on the one yard line and need everyone to VOTE Republican tomorrow! America is back! America is winning aga…
Law Enforcement has been strongly notified to watch closely for any ILLEGAL VOTING which may take place in Tuesday’s Election (or Early Voting). Anyone caught will be subject to the Maximum Criminal Penalties allowed by law. Thank you!
REMEMBER FLORIDA: I have been President of the United States for almost two years. During that time Senator Bill Nelson didn’t call me once. Rick Scott called constantly requesting dollars plus for Florida. Did a GREAT job on hurricanes. VOTE SCOTT!
So funny to see the CNN Fake Suppression Polls and false rhetoric. Watch for real results Tuesday. We are lucky CNN’s ratings are so low. Don’t fall for the Suppression Game. Go out &amp; VOTE. Remember we now have perhaps the greatest Economy (JOBS) in the history of our Country!
I need @claudiatenney of #NY22 to be re-elected in order to get our big plans moving. Her opponent would be a disaster. Nobody works harder than Claudia and she is a producer. I look forward to working together with her - she has my Strongest Endorsement! Vote Claudia!
No matter what she says Senator Claire McCaskill will always vote against us and the Great State of Missouri! Vote for Josh Hawley - he will be a great Senator!
If @AndrewGillum did the same job with Florida that he has done in Tallahassee as Mayor the State will be a crime ridden overtaxed mess. @RonDeSantisFL will be a great Governor. VOTE!!!!!!
.@DebbieStabenow voted against Tax Cuts great Healthcare Supreme Court Justices and all of the many things the people of Michigan wanted and need. She is an automatic far left vote controlled by her bosses. John James can be a truly great Senator!
Dana Rohrabacher has been a great Congressman for his District and for the people of Cal. He works hard and is respected by all - he produces! Dems are desperate to replace Dana by spending vast sums to elect a super liberal who is weak on Crime and bad for our Military &amp; Vets!
John James running as a Republican for the Senate from Michigan is a spectacular young star of the future. We should make him a star of the present. A distinguished West Point Grad and Vet people should Vote Out Schumer Puppet Debbie Stabenow who does nothing for Michigan!
In just 2 days the people of Tennessee are going to elect @VoteMarsha Blackburn to the United States Senate to protect your jobs defend your borders and CONTINUE MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Get out on Tuesday and VOTE for Marsha! https://t.co/BJhmItntMo
Thank you for joining us tonight in Tennessee @TheLeeGreenwood. GOD BLESS THE U.S.A.! https://t.co/hfxi4Ct6Pv
Great to be back in Tennessee. On our way to the McKenzie Arena in Chattanooga for a huge #MAGARally - see everyone soon! https://t.co/RwZt5yGuE5
Thank you Macon Georgia! Get out on Tuesday November 6th and VOTE for @BrianKempGA as your next Governor to protect your jobs defend your borders fight for your values and continue MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! https://t.co/Hzbqw35oNM
On my way to Macon Georgia where the crowds are massive for a 4pmE #MAGARally. Will be in Chattanooga Tennessee tonight seen below for a 7pmE rally. Something’s happening! Everyone needs to get out and VOTE! https://t.co/xBXepwpug9
WOW - Departing the White House shortly. See you soon Georgia! #MAGA https://t.co/Lk0SoU8pie https://t.co/Sn9D9o4fNZ
RT @realDonaldTrump: .@DannyTarkanian is a great guy and a team player. He will represent his District State and Country at the highest le…
RT @realDonaldTrump: Martha McSally is a great warrior her opponent a Nancy Pelosi Wacko! https://t.co/QEUdPWDDud
RT @realDonaldTrump: In Florida there is a choice between a Harvard/Yale educated man named @RonDeSantisFL who has been a great Congressman…
RT @realDonaldTrump: So Revealing! https://t.co/wR0Z4694ei
RT @realDonaldTrump: .@Troy_Balderson is doing a great job as Congressman from Ohio. We need him in D.C. Vote for Troy - He has my total En…
RT @realDonaldTrump: Congressman @RodBlum of Iowa got a desperately needed Flood Wall for Cedar Rapids that was almost impossible to get. H…
RT @realDonaldTrump: Congressman @DaveBratVA7th is a fighter who is doing a great job for Virginia and for our Country. Border Military V…
RT @realDonaldTrump: .@Erik_Paulsen @Jason2CD @JimHagedornMN and @PeteStauber love our Country and the Great State of Minnesota. They ar…
RT @realDonaldTrump: Just out: Consumer Confidence hits highest level since 2000.
RT @realDonaldTrump: .@MikeDeWine will be a great Governor for the People of Ohio. He is an outstanding man who loves his State – and alway…
RT @realDonaldTrump: ....Richard Cordray will let you down just like he did when he destroyed the government agency that he ran. Clone of…
RT @realDonaldTrump: Congressman @KevinYoder has fought hard for the People of Kansas. Highly respected strong on Crime the Border Milit…
RT @realDonaldTrump: Yesterday in Pittsburgh I was really impressed with Congressman Keith Rothfus (far more so than any other local politi…
RT @realDonaldTrump: It is outrageous what the Democrats are doing to our Country. Vote Republican now! https://t.co/0pWiwCHGbh https://t.c…
RT @realDonaldTrump: That’s because they treat me fairly!“@FoxNews tops @CNN and @MSNBC combined in October cable news ratings” https://t.…
RT @realDonaldTrump: .@WalkerStapleton will be an extraordinary Governor for the State of Colorado. He is strong smart and has been succe…
RT @realDonaldTrump: Illegal immigration affects the lives of all Americans. Illegal Immigration hurts American workers burdens American t…
RT @realDonaldTrump: Together we are Making America Safe and Great Again! https://t.co/0pWiwCHGbh https://t.co/rWl5aSpY3O
RT @realDonaldTrump: I love you Missouri! Under Republican leadership America is BOOMING America is THRIVING and America is WINNING - be…
RT @realDonaldTrump: Wow! The U.S. added 250000 Jobs in October - and this was despite the hurricanes. Unemployment at 3.7%. Wages UP! The…
RT @realDonaldTrump: I need the people of West Virginia to send a message to Chuck Schumer Maxine Waters Nancy Pelosi and the Radical Dem…
RT @realDonaldTrump: Scott Perry of Pennsylvania is fantastic. He is strong on the Border Crime the Military our Vets and the Second Ame…
New Fox Poll shows a “40% Approval Rating by African Americans for President Trump a record for Republicans.” Thank you a great honor!
Unbelievable crowd in Florida tonight. Get out and VOTE! #MAGA???? https://t.co/zpLkAko8If
If you want to protect criminal aliens – VOTE DEMOCRAT. If you want to protect Law-Abiding Americans – VOTE REPUBLICAN! https://t.co/0pWiwCHGbh https://t.co/2YoXSWT0Px
.@DannyTarkanian is a great guy and a team player. He will represent his District State and Country at the highest level. Danny is strong on Military our Vets Second Amendment and all of the things that we so strongly stand for. Vote for Danny - he has my Strong Endorsement!
Another fantastic #MAGARally tonight in the Great State of Florida. In just 3 days the People of Florida are going to elect @ScottforFlorida and @RonDeSantisFL to protect your jobs defend your BORDERS and CONTINUE MAKING AMERICA  GREAT AGAIN! https://t.co/0pWiwCHGbh???? https://t.co/sS78uyafOG
Heading to Pensacola Florida - will be there soon. Amazing lines of people wanting to get in - what a crowd! Is this a sign of Republican Strength on Tuesday? https://t.co/te7RHdAeKA
Governor @DougDucey of Arizona is doing a great job. Doug is strong on Crime the Border and our Second Amendment. Loves our Military &amp; our Vets. Vote for Doug he has my full and Complete Endorsement!
....Lake Okeechobee and all of the hurricane money were a passion for Rick Scott who called endlessly on behalf of the People of Florida. Vote @ScottforFlorida!
In all the time I’ve been President almost two years never once did Senator Bill Nelson call me to ask for help for the Great State of Florida. I never see him until election time....
Rumor has it that Senator Joe Donnelly of Indiana is paying for Facebook ads for his so-called opponent on the libertarian ticket. Donnelly is trying to steal the election? Isn’t that what Russia did!?
Arizona is such a Great State but it needs Border Security which @MarthaMcSally will provide and Krysten Sinema doesn’t even think about. If it were up to Sinema - drugs crime and illegal traffic will be flowing into Arizona at an ever increasing pace. Vote for Martha!
If Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi gain the majority they will try to raise your taxes restore job-killing regulations shut down your coal mines and timber mills take away your healthcare impose socialism and ERASE your borders. VOTE for @MattForMontana and @GregForMontana! https://t.co/aDnCQKY7QD
Landing in Montana now - at least everybody admits that my lines and crowds are far bigger than Barack Obama’s... https://t.co/PCibGjS209
New York get out and VOTE for @JohnFasoNy a great and hardworking Congressman. We need John’s voice in D.C. His opponent just moved to the area - is Pro-Iran and Anti-Israel. Vote for John. Has my Strong Endorsement!
RT @IvankaTrump: As the FIRST female Governor of Iowa @IAGovernor cut taxes balanced the budget (with a 127 m surplus!) &amp; fostered a pro-…
Get out and VOTE for @DeanHeller! https://t.co/4HEkpQL3oy
A vicious accuser of Justice Kavanaugh has just admitted that she was lying her story was totally made up or FAKE! Can you imagine if he didn’t become a Justice of the Supreme Court because of her disgusting False Statements. What about the others? Where are the Dems on this?
Thank you to @PeteHegseth and @KatiePavlich for your nice and very wise statements on the Economy. You both really get it! @foxandfriends
A vicious accuser of Justice Kavanough has just admitted that she was lying her story was totally made up or FAKE! Can you imagine if he didn’t become a Justice of the Supreme Court because of her disgusting False Statements. What about the others? Where are the Dems on this?
Heading to Montana and Florida today! Everyone is excited about the Jobs Numbers - 250000 new jobs in October. Also wages rising. Wow!
Indiana Rally and Coach Bobby Knight were incredible last night. Packed House in Honor of Mike Braun for Senate. Mike will be a GREAT Senator. Don’t forget to VOTE!
Congresswoman Maxine Waters was called the most Corrupt Member of Congress! @FoxNews If Dems win she would be put in charge of our Country’s finances. The beginning of the end!
Scott Perry of Pennsylvania is fantastic. He is strong on the Border Crime the Military our Vets and the Second Amendment. Scott has my Total Endorsement!
Massive #MAGARally????tonight in Indiana thank you. Everyone get out and https://t.co/0pWiwCHGbh! https://t.co/5jVFO6SIsz
Republicans believe our Country should be a Sanctuary for law-abiding Americans – not criminal aliens. And Republicans will ALWAYS stand with the HEROES of @ICEgov @CBP and Law Enforcement! https://t.co/jmnmO26Yb3
In just 4 days the people of Indiana are going to send Mike @braun4indiana to the United States Senate so we can keep MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Get out and VOTE!! https://t.co/dO3Nr8nuJi
I need the people of West Virginia to send a message to Chuck Schumer Maxine Waters Nancy Pelosi and the Radical Democrats by voting for Carol Miller and Patrick Morrisey!
Just landed - will see everyone in Southport Indiana shortly! #MAGARally???? https://t.co/zmapQS70CG
THANK YOU WEST VIRGINIA! https://t.co/0pWiwCHGbh https://t.co/KmrMAt4Cea
JOBS JOBS JOBS! #MAGA https://t.co/ZqPjsPUX0t
Fantastic #MAGARally????in West Virginia thank you. Everyone get out and VOTE for Patrick @MorriseyWV and @CarolMillerWV! https://t.co/N8CQeLmSad
https://t.co/nk2vKvHuaL
Will be going to West Virginia and Indiana today TWO RALLIES! Don’t tell anyone (big secret) but I will be bringing Coach Bobby Knight to Indiana. He’s been a supporter right from the beginning of the Greatest Political Movement in American History!
Wow! The U.S. added 250000 Jobs in October - and this was despite the hurricanes. Unemployment at 3.7%. Wages UP! These are incredible numbers. Keep it going Vote Republican!
I love you Missouri! Under Republican leadership America is BOOMING America is THRIVING and America is WINNING - because we are finally putting AMERICA FIRST. Get out and VOTE Josh @HawleyMO for the United States Senate! #MAGA???? https://t.co/opp35qPPy3
Beautiful evening at a #MAGARally with great American Patriots. Loyal citizens like you helped build this Country and together we are taking back this Country – returning power to YOU the AMERICAN PEOPLE. Get out and https://t.co/0pWiwCHGbh! https://t.co/9nCTLdFVW4 https://t.co/wBOUVedVtT
Together we are Making America Safe and Great Again! https://t.co/0pWiwCHGbh https://t.co/rWl5aSpY3O
On my way to Columbia Missouri for a #MAGARally. Look forward to seeing everyone soon! https://t.co/0pWiwCHGbh https://t.co/oD6v3E13bk
Illegal immigration affects the lives of all Americans. Illegal Immigration hurts American workers burdens American taxpayers undermines public safety and places enormous strain on local schools hospitals and communities...https://t.co/eN1IqPNBJY
....His opponent Jared Polis is weak on crime and weak on borders – could never do the job. Get out and VOTE – Walker has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
.@WalkerStapleton will be an extraordinary Governor for the State of Colorado. He is strong smart and has been successful at everything he has ever done....
Thank you to Rick Breckenridge and congratulations to Matt Rosendale (@MattForMontana). This is very big - see you in Montana on Saturday! Tickets: https://t.co/zX9sj0qUzN https://t.co/UWuHHs6Y0u
Just had a long and very good conversation with President Xi Jinping of China. We talked about many subjects with a heavy emphasis on Trade. Those discussions are moving along nicely with meetings being scheduled at the G-20 in Argentina. Also had good discussion on North Korea!
RT @realDonaldTrump: #JOBSNOTMOBS! VOTE REPUBLICAN NOW!! https://t.co/wso9ZHIvyF
RT @realDonaldTrump: Harry Reid when he was sane agreed with us on Birthright Citizenship! https://t.co/ypiE1QWKag
That’s because they treat me fairly!“@FoxNews tops @CNN and @MSNBC combined in October cable news ratings” https://t.co/QX56Pwlmj4
Fantastic evening in Florida with great PATRIOTS at a beautiful #MAGARally. Get out and https://t.co/0pWiwCq4MH so we can continue MAKING AMERICA SAFE &amp; GREAT AGAIN! https://t.co/c3fqrEdzFU https://t.co/VrmaMHPhl3
THANK YOU FLORIDA! Get out and VOTE Republican! #MAGA????https://t.co/v3hpKOPBik
It is outrageous what the Democrats are doing to our Country. Vote Republican now! https://t.co/0pWiwCHGbh https://t.co/2crea9HF7G
#JOBSNOTMOBS! VOTE REPUBLICAN NOW!! https://t.co/wso9ZHIvyF
Yesterday in Pittsburgh I was really impressed with Congressman Keith Rothfus (far more so than any other local political figure). His sincere level of compassion grief and sorrow for the events that took place was in its own way very inspiring. Vote for Keith!
Harry Reid when he was sane agreed with us on Birthright Citizenship! https://t.co/ypiE1QWKag
Paul Ryan should be focusing on holding the Majority rather than giving his opinions on Birthright Citizenship something he knows nothing about! Our new Republican Majority will work on this Closing the Immigration Loopholes and Securing our Border!
Republicans will protect people with pre-existing conditions far better than the Dems!
“Donald Trump has made good on his promises and it drives Democrats Crazy!” Brad Blakeman @FoxNews
The World is using our laws to our detriment. They laugh at the Stupidity they see!
....Harry Reid was right in 1993 before he and the Democrats went insane and started with the Open Borders (which brings massive Crime) “stuff.” Don’t forget the nasty term Anchor Babies. I will keep our Country safe. This case will be settled by the United States Supreme Court!
So-called Birthright Citizenship which costs our Country billions of dollars and is very unfair to our citizens will be ended one way or the other. It is not covered by the 14th Amendment because of the words “subject to the jurisdiction thereof.” Many legal scholars agree.....
Melania and I were treated very nicely yesterday in Pittsburgh. The Office of the President was shown great respect on a very sad &amp; solemn day. We were treated so warmly. Small protest was not seen by us staged far away. The Fake News stories were just the opposite-Disgraceful! https://t.co/9B9HgCF1G9
Stock Market up more than 400 points yesterday. Today looks to be another good one. Companies earnings are great!
Melania and I were treated very nicely yesterday in Pittsburgh. The Office of the President was shown great respect on a very sad and solemn day. We were treaty so warmly. Small protest was not seen by us staged far away. The Fake News stories were just the opposite-Disgraceful!
Our military is being mobilized at the Southern Border. Many more troops coming. We will NOT let these Caravans which are also made up of some very bad thugs and gang members into the U.S. Our Border is sacred must come in legally. TURN AROUND!
The Caravans are made up of some very tough fighters and people. Fought back hard and viciously against Mexico at Northern Border before breaking through. Mexican soldiers hurt were unable or unwilling to stop Caravan. Should stop them before they reach our Border but won’t!
Congressman @KevinYoder has fought hard for the People of Kansas. Highly respected strong on Crime the Border Military Vets and Second Amendment. Kevin has my Total Endorsement!
.@MikeDeWine will be a great Governor for the People of Ohio. He is an outstanding man who loves his State – and always produces big....
....Richard Cordray will let you down just like he did when he destroyed the government agency that he ran. Clone of Pocahontas that’s not for Ohio. Mike has my Total Endorsement!
Just out: Consumer Confidence hits highest level since 2000.
“If the Fed backs off and starts talking a little more Dovish I think we’re going to be right back to our 2800 to 2900 target range that we’ve had for the S&amp;P 500.” Scott Wren Wells Fargo.
The Stock Market is up massively since the Election but is now taking a little pause - people want to see what happens with the Midterms. If you want your Stocks to go down I strongly suggest voting Democrat. They like the Venezuela financial model High Taxes &amp; Open Borders!
Congressman Kevin Brady of Texas is so popular in his District and far beyond that he doesn’t need any help - but I am giving it to him anyway. He is a great guy and the absolute “King” of Cutting Taxes. Highly respected by all he loves his State &amp; Country. Strong Endorsement!
Congressman Andy Barr of Kentucky who just had a great debate with his Nancy Pelosi run opponent has been a winner for his State. Strong on Crime the Border Tax Cuts Military Vets and 2nd Amendment we need Andy in D.C. He has my Strong Endorsement!
.@Erik_Paulsen @Jason2CD @JimHagedornMN and @PeteStauber love our Country and the Great State of Minnesota. They are winners and always get the job done. We need them all in Congress for #MAGA. Border Military Vets 2nd A. Go Vote Minnesota. They have my Strong Endorsement!
Congressman @DaveBratVA7th is a fighter who is doing a great job for Virginia and for our Country. Border Military Vets 2nd Amendment and all else. We need Dave in D.C. He has my Strong Endorsement!
.@Erik_Paulsen @Jason2CD @JimHagedornMN and @PeteStauber love our Country and the Great State of Minnesota. They are winners and always get the job done We need them all in Congress for #MAGA. Border Military Vets 2nd A. Go Vote Minnesota. They have my Strong Endorsement!
Congresswoman @cathymcmorris of Washington State is an incredible leader who is respected by everyone in Congress. We need her badly in D.C. to keep building on #MAGA. She has my Strong Endorsement!
Congressman @RodBlum of Iowa got a desperately needed Flood Wall for Cedar Rapids that was almost impossible to get. He makes a BIG difference for Iowa! Border Military Vets etc. We need Rod in D.C. He has my Strong Endorsement!
.@Denver4VA of the 5th District in Virginia is a popular guy who really knows how to get the job done! Really big help with Tax Cuts the Military and our great Vets. He has my Total Endorsement!
.@ErikPaulson @JasonLewis @JimHagedornMN and @PeteStauber love our Country and the Great State of Minnesota. They are winners and always get the job done We need them all in Congress for #MAGA. Border Military Vets 2nd A. Go Vote Minnesota. They have my Strong Endorsement!
Congressman @DenverRiggleman of the 5th District in Virginia is a popular guy who really knows how to get the job done! Really big help with Tax Cuts the Military and our great Vets. He has my Total Endorsement!
.@Troy_Balderson is doing a great job as Congressman from Ohio. We need him in D.C. Vote for Troy - He has my total Endorsement!
RT @realDonaldTrump: I will be interviewed by Laura Ingraham  tonight at 10:00 P.M. on @FoxNews
.@troybalderson is doing a great job as Congressman from Ohio. We need him in D.C. Vote for Troy - He has my total Endorsement!
RT @realDonaldTrump: I will be interviewed by Laura Ingraham  tonight at 10:00 P.M. on @FoxNews
So Revealing! https://t.co/wR0Z4694ei
I will be interviewed by Laura Ingraham  tonight at 10:00 P.M. on @FoxNews
Check out tweets from last two days. I refer to Fake News Media when mentioning Enemy of the People - but dishonest reporters use only the word “Media.” The people of our Great Country are angry and disillusioned at receiving so much Fake News. They get it and fully understand!
CNN and others in the Fake News Business keep purposely and inaccurately reporting that I said the “Media is the Enemy of the People.” Wrong! I said that the “Fake News (Media) is the Enemy of the People” a very big difference. When you give out false information - not good!
Great job being done by Congressman Keith Rothfus of Pennsylvania. Thank you Keith!
In Florida there is a choice between a Harvard/Yale educated man named @RonDeSantisFL who has been a great Congressman and will be a great Governor - and a Dem who is a thief and who is Mayor of poorly run Tallahassee said to be one of the most corrupt cities in the Country!
Many Gang Members and some very bad people are mixed into the Caravan heading to our Southern Border. Please go back you will not be admitted into the United States unless you go through the legal process. This is an invasion of our Country and our Military is waiting for you!
Had a very good conversation with the newly elected President of Brazil Jair Bolsonaro who won his race by a substantial margin. We agreed that Brazil and the United States will work closely together on Trade Military and everything else! Excellent call wished him congrats!
....of Anger and Outrage and we will then be able to bring all sides together in Peace and Harmony. Fake News Must End!
There is great anger in our Country caused in part by inaccurate and even fraudulent reporting of the news. The Fake News Media the true Enemy of the People must stop the open &amp; obvious hostility &amp; report the news accurately &amp; fairly. That will do much to put out the flame...
The Fake News is doing everything in their power to blame Republicans Conservatives and me for the division and hatred that has been going on for so long in our Country. Actually it is their Fake &amp; Dishonest reporting which is causing problems far greater than they understand!
Just watched Wacky Tom Steyer who I have not seen in action before be interviewed by @jaketapper. He comes off as a crazed &amp; stumbling lunatic who should be running out of money pretty soon. As bad as their field is if he is running for President the Dems will eat him alive!
Thank you to Steve Rogers FBI Joint Terror Task Force (Ret) for his very kind and generous remarks about me and my relationship to Law Enforcement. @JudgeJeanine
Very interesting! https://t.co/ZmSA4v5fKi
Watching the Dodgers/Red Sox final innings. It is amazing how a manager takes out a pitcher who is loose &amp; dominating through almost 7 innings Rich Hill of Dodgers and brings in nervous reliever(s) who get shellacked. 4 run lead gone. Managers do it all the time big mistake!
All of America is in mourning over the mass murder of Jewish Americans at the Tree of Life Synagogue in Pittsburgh. We pray for those who perished and their loved ones and our hearts go out to the brave police officers who sustained serious injuries...
...This evil Anti-Semitic attack is an assault on humanity. It will take all of us working together to extract the poison of Anti-Semitism from our world. We must unite to conquer hate.
RT @WhiteHouse: Just now: President Trump invited Rabbi Benjamin Sendrow to offer a prayer for the victims of the attack in Pittsburgh. htt…
As you know earlier today there was a horrific shooting targeting and killing Jewish Americans at the Tree of Life Synagogue in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania. The shooter is in custody and federal authorities have been dispatched to support state and local police... https://t.co/WqO7GfPyMT
Events in Pittsburgh are far more devastating than originally thought. Spoke with Mayor and Governor to inform them that the Federal Government has been and will be with them all the way. I will speak to the media shortly and make further statement at Future Farmers of America.
Watching the events unfolding in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania. Law enforcement on the scene. People in Squirrel Hill area should remain sheltered. Looks like multiple fatalities. Beware of active shooter. God Bless All!
#Walkaway  Walkaway from the Democrat Party movement marches today in D.C. Congratulations to Brandon Straka for starting something very special. @foxandfriends
RT @DiamondandSilk: LIVE: President @realdonaldtrump #MAGA rally in Charlotte NC https://t.co/mi9Nh8TecI
Budd and Mark two great patriots for Congress! https://t.co/xx0cqUf7wj
Martha McSally is a great warrior her opponent a Nancy Pelosi Wacko! https://t.co/QEUdPWDDud
RT @GOPChairwoman: .@realDonaldTrump is delivering results for all Americans and it’s inspiring our future leaders to get involved in the…
Thank you Charlie! https://t.co/U2Nt1h7A3X
Good luck Mary! https://t.co/qEBpqS0vli
A big change is coming - don’t want the Dems anymore! https://t.co/O6wp2gjPUY
Trump Thunders at Media for Smearing His Supporters after Bomb Scares https://t.co/Ggdhs9reY3 via @BreitbartNews
Fantastic evening in Charlotte North Carolina with great PATRIOTS. Get out and VOTE for @buddforcongress and @MarkHarrisNC9! https://t.co/0pWiwCHGbh #MAGARally replay: https://t.co/bKVTylqDvE https://t.co/O1QiZSw4cU
If you meet every day with optimism – if you confront every obstacle with determination – if you refuse to give up if you never quit if you face every challenge with confidence and pride – then there is no goal you cannot achieve and no dream beyond your reach! #YBLS2018 https://t.co/Uqmw5fLmxW
It was my great honor thank you! https://t.co/U2Nt1hpaVv
Whether you are African-American Hispanic-American or ANY AMERICAN at all – you have the right to live in a Country that puts YOUR NEEDS FIRST! https://t.co/hwDICbpOT7
It is my great honor to be with so many brilliant courageous patriotic and PROUD AMERICANS. Seeing all of you here today fills me with extraordinary confidence in America’s future. Each of you is taking part in the Young Black Leadership Summit because you are true leaders... https://t.co/lIlZBxKjuG
I want to applaud the FBI Secret Service Department of Justice the U.S. Attorneys’ Office for the Southern District of New York the NYPD and all Law Enforcement partners across the Country for their incredible work skill and determination!
I would like to begin today’s remarks by providing an update on the packages and devices that have been mailed to high-profile figures throughout our Country and a media org. I am pleased to inform you that law enforcement has apprehended the suspect and taken him into custody. https://t.co/UFjwjjUkLd
I will be speaking at the Young Black Leadership Summit in 15 minutes where I will address the investigation into the bomb packages.
Republicans are doing so well in early voting and at the polls and now this “Bomb” stuff happens and the momentum greatly slows - news not talking politics. Very unfortunate what is going on. Republicans go out and vote!
Twitter has removed many people from my account and more importantly they have seemingly done something that makes it much harder to join - they have stifled growth to a point where it is obvious to all. A few weeks ago it was a Rocket Ship now it is a Blimp! Total Bias?
The United States has been spending Billions of Dollars a year on Illegal Immigration. This will not continue. Democrats must give us the votes to pass strong (but fair) laws. If not we will be forced to play a much tougher hand.
Funny how lowly rated CNN and others can criticize me at will even blaming me for the current spate of Bombs and ridiculously comparing this to September 11th and the Oklahoma City bombing yet when I criticize them they go wild and scream “it’s just not Presidential!”
The Service Members who died that day included brave young Marines just out of high school accomplished officers in the middle of their military careers and enlisted men who had served in theaters all over the world... https://t.co/82Wkru7JAb
In 1983 roughly 1800 Marines were in Beirut to keep the peace in a Nation torn apart by Civil War. Terrorists had bombed the U.S. Embassy earlier that year killing 63 people including 17 Americans... https://t.co/Mp73AYv7J0
We are gathered together on this solemn occasion to fulfill our most reverent and sacred duty. 35 years ago 241 American service members were murdered in the terrorist attack on our Marine Barracks in Beirut Lebanon. Today we honor our fallen heroes... https://t.co/zPgjSFj9BM
.@BrucePoliquin from Maine is a great Congressman. He is in a tough fight against a very liberal Nancy Pelosi Democrat. Bruce has helped bring JOBS back to his State and totally protects your Great Second Amendment. We need to keep Bruce in Washington. He has my Full Endorsement!
.@MikeDunleavyGov will make a fantastic Governor of Alaska. Mike is for Energy and Jobs is tough on Crime loves our Vets and our Great Second Amendment. Mike has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
.@LloydSmuckerPA is doing a great job for the people of Pennsylvania. He is strong on the Border Crime the Military our Vets and the 2nd Amendment. Lloyd has my Total Endorsement!
.@Troy_Balderson of Ohio is doing a great job as your Congressman already very respected in Washington. Get out and VOTE for Troy - we need him – great guy – has my Total Endorsement!
.@JohnChrin of Pennsylvania is fantastic. He is strong on the Border Crime the Military our Vets and the 2nd Amendment. He is a powerful vote for #MAGA and loves the Great State of Pennsylvania. Please get out and vote for John he has my Total and very Strong Endorsement!
...I agree with their stance 100% and the United States is likewise taking a very hard line on illegal immigration. The Prime Minister is working very hard on the economy of Italy - he will be successful!
Just spoke with Prime Minister @GiuseppeConteIT of Italy concerning many subjects including the fact that Italy is now taking a very hard line on illegal immigration...
Spoke with French President @EmmanuelMacron this morning. Discussed many topics including the very exciting upcoming visit to Paris where @FLOTUS Melania and I will attend the Armistice Day Centennial Commemoration!
To those in the Caravan turnaround we are not letting people into the United States illegally. Go back to your Country and if you want apply for citizenship like millions of others are doing!
“Remarks by President Trump on a Year of Historic Progress and Action to Combat the Opioid Crisis” https://t.co/YBTzMSOozW https://t.co/njGYwHff4t
The New York Times has a new Fake Story that now the Russians and Chinese (glad they finally added China) are listening to all of my calls on cellphones. Except that I rarely use a cellphone &amp; when I do it’s government authorized. I like Hard Lines. Just more made up Fake News!
A very big part of the Anger we see today in our society is caused by the purposely false and inaccurate reporting of the Mainstream Media that I refer to as Fake News. It has gotten so bad and hateful that it is beyond description. Mainstream Media must clean up its act FAST!
Brandon Judd of the National Border Patrol Council is right when he says on @foxandfriends that the Democrat inspired laws make it tough for us to stop people at the Border. MUST BE CHANDED but I am bringing out the military for this National Emergency. They will be stopped!
The so-called experts on Trump over at the New York Times wrote a long and boring article on my cellphone usage that is so incorrect I do not have time here to correct it. I only use Government Phones and have only one seldom used government cell phone. Story is soooo wrong!
Just leaving Wisconsin. @ScottWalker and @LeahVukmir are fantastic people badly needed for our Country! #MAGA https://t.co/6dLOBO6UQy
Just arrived in Wisconsin to help two great people @ScottWalker and @LeahVukmir! https://t.co/Pu1Yyl5K0G
The safety of the American People is my highest priority. I have just concluded a briefing with the FBI Department of Justice Department of Homeland Security and the U.S. Secret Service... https://t.co/nEUBcq4NOh
I agree wholeheartedly! https://t.co/ndzu0A30vU
Republicans will totally protect people with Pre-Existing Conditions Democrats will not! Vote Republican.
Brian Kemp will be a GREAT Governor of Georgia. Stacey Abrams will destroy the State. Sooooo important get out and VOTE for Brian!
We are a great Sovereign Nation. We have Strong Borders and will never accept people coming into our Country illegally!
For those who want and advocate for illegal immigration just take a good look at what has happened to Europe over the last 5 years. A total mess! They only wish they had that decision to make over again.
I agree with President Obama 100%! https://t.co/PI3aW1Zh5Q
RT @DeptofDefense: Never forgotten!On Oct. 23 1983 the #Beirut Marine Barracks bombing took the lives of 241 #Marines #sailors and #sol…
Billions of dollars are and will be coming into United States coffers because of Tariffs. Great also for negotiations - if a country won’t give us a fair Trade Deal we will institute Tariffs on them. Used or not jobs and businesses will be created. U.S. respected again!
#JobsNotMobs https://t.co/0pWiwCHGbh https://t.co/DsJ82fArcq
https://t.co/6R85sd4LLD
Congressman John Faso of New York has worked hard and smart. Strong on Crime Borders and our 2nd Amendment John is respected by all. Vote for John. He has my complete and total Endorsement!
The people of Puerto Rico are wonderful but the inept politicians are trying to use the massive and ridiculously high amounts of hurricane/disaster funding to pay off other obligations. The U.S. will NOT  bail out long outstanding &amp; unpaid obligations with hurricane relief money!
Jay Webber of New Jersey running for Congress is doing a great job against a person who is looking to raise Taxes substantially. Jay wants big Tax Cuts and Changes. A Harvard graduate and father of seven Jay will be great for New Jersey and get the job done-and I will help!
Congressman Erik Paulsen of the Great State of Minnesota has done a fantastic job in cutting Taxes and Job Killing Regulations. Hard working and very smart. Keep Erik in Congress. He has my Strong Endorsement!
We send our deepest condolences to @RepLouBarletta and the entire Barletta family on the passing of his brother. Lou has been working so hard despite this terrible situation for the people of Pennsylvania. Our thoughts and prayers are with Lou and the entire Barletta family!
Today’s Democrat Party would rather protect criminal aliens than AMERICAN CITIZENS - which is why the Democrats must be voted OUT of OFFICE! #JobsNotMobs https://t.co/0pWiwCq4MH https://t.co/axUEOzBAsZ
At stake in this Election is whether we continue the extraordinary prosperity we have achieved - or whether we let the Radical Democrat Mob take a giant wrecking ball to our Country and our Economy! #JobsNotMobs https://t.co/POhRivI1BZ
We send our deepest condolences to Lou and the entire Barletta family - he has been working so hard despite this terrible situation for the people of Pennsylvania. Our thoughts and prayers are with you Lou!
THANK YOU HOUSTON TEXAS. Get out and https://t.co/0pWiwCHGbh! #JobsNotMobs https://t.co/JXiFjDFH6R https://t.co/Ebc1JfgUys
https://t.co/flKQuv9MnX
Massive crowds inside and outside of the @ToyotaCenter in Houston Texas. Landing shortly - see everyone soon! #MAGA????https://t.co/0pWiwCq4MH https://t.co/tj5S6Z2GY7
Let’s go FLORIDA! https://t.co/0pWiwCq4MH https://t.co/6kaVM1TaiB
Last day to register to VOTE in Alabama California South Dakota and Wyoming! #JobsNotMobs https://t.co/0pWiwCq4MH https://t.co/hmQgqgmbyE
WOW - thank you Houston Texas! I am departing @Andrews_JBA now. See you in a few hours!! #MAGA???? https://t.co/UxZCo19cxT
The Fake News Media has been talking about recent approval ratings of me by countries around the world including the European Union as being very low....
....I say of course they’re low - because for the first time in 50 years I am making them pay a big price for doing business with America. Why should they like me? — But I still like them!
“America: the Cleanest Air in the World - BY FAR!” https://t.co/rMtxHSnof4
“Shock report: US paying more for illegal immigrant births than Trump’s wall” https://t.co/FX3ljN7kPS
Big Night In Texas!!!!
Guatemala Honduras and El Salvador were not able to do the job of stopping people from leaving their country and coming illegally to the U.S. We will now begin cutting off or substantially reducing the massive foreign aid routinely given to them.
Every time you see a Caravan or people illegally coming or attempting to come into our Country illegally think of and blame the Democrats for not giving us the votes to change our pathetic Immigration Laws! Remember the Midterms! So unfair to those who come in legally.
Sadly it looks like Mexico’s Police and Military are unable to stop the Caravan heading to the Southern Border of the United States. Criminals and unknown Middle Easterners are mixed in. I have alerted Border Patrol and Military that this is a National Emergy. Must change laws!
Congressman Tom Reed of New York’s 23rd District has done a great job. He has my complete and total Endorsement!
Ron @RonDeSantisFL DeSantis had a great debate victory tonight against Andrew Gillum a mayor who presides over one of the worst run and most corrupt cities in Florida. Ron will build on the great job done by Governor Rick Scott. Gillum will make Florida the next Venezuela!
Facebook has just stated that they are setting up a system to “purge” themselves of Fake News. Does that mean CNN will finally be put out of business?
Best Jobs Numbers in the history of our great Country! Many other things likewise. So why wouldn’t we win the Midterms? Dems can never do even nearly as well! Think of what will happen to your now beautiful 401-k’s!
The Caravans are a disgrace to the Democrat Party. Change the immigration laws NOW!
Full efforts are being made to stop the onslaught of illegal aliens from crossing our Souther Border. People have to apply for asylum in Mexico first and if they fail to do that the U.S. will turn them away. The courts are asking the U.S. to do things that are not doable!
Watched North Dakota’s Rep. Kevin Cramer easily win debate with Senator Heidi Heitkamp. Great job Kevin you will be a great Senator!
All levels of government and Law Enforcement are watching carefully for VOTER FRAUD including during EARLY VOTING. Cheat at your own peril. Violators will be subject to maximum penalties both civil and criminal!
Beautiful afternoon in Elko Nevada. Thank you! Get out and VOTE TODAY!! #MAGA????#JobsNotMobs https://t.co/0pWiwCq4MH https://t.co/AKfGzjrqCM
Heading to Nevada to help a man who has become a good friend Senator Dean Heller. He is all about #MAGA and I need his Help and Talent in Washington. Also Adam Laxalt will be a GREAT GOVERNOR and has my complete and total Endorsement. Winners Both!
Leaving Arizona after a fantastic Rally last night in Mesa honoring and for Martha @RepMcSally McSally. She is an inspiration &amp; will be a GREAT SENATOR for the people of Arizona. Her opponent is a Nancy Pelosi puppet really bad for State. Early Voting NOW! Will be back soon.
Rick Scott is known as easily one of the best Governors in the USA. Florida is setting records in almost every category of success. Amazing achievement-the envy of the World. Ron DeSantis will build on this success. His incompetent opponent will destroy Florida - next Venezuela!
Ron @RonDeSantisFL DeSantis is working hard. A great Congressman and top student at Harvard &amp; Yale Ron will be a record setting governor for Florida. Rick Scott gave him tremendous foundations to further build on. His opponent runs one of the worst &amp; most corrupt cities in USA!
Get out and Early Vote for Brian Kemp. He will be a GREAT GOVERNOR for the State of Georgia!
Georgia Secretary of State Brian Kemp will be a great governor. He has been successful at whatever he has done and has prepared for this very difficult and complex job for many years. He has my Strong Endorsement. His opponent is totally unqualified. Would destroy a great state!
If the Democrats would stop being obstructionists and come together we could write up and agree to new immigration laws in less than one hour. Look at the needless  pain and suffering that they are causing. Look at the horrors taking place on the Border. Chuck &amp; Nancy call me!
Beautiful evening in Mesa Arizona with GREAT PATRIOTS - thank you! https://t.co/0pWiwCq4MH #MAGARally????replay: https://t.co/6vHEaB37VH https://t.co/pHmU6pMKh7
This was outside of the massive totally full hangar tonight in Mesa Arizona! https://t.co/0pWiwCq4MH #MAGA???? https://t.co/7mx98y515I
On my way - see you all shortly! https://t.co/0pWiwCq4MH https://t.co/ahDmLiwPZi
WOW - Mesa Arizona! Look forward to joining everyone soon. Something’s happening!! #MAGA???? https://t.co/z6LNGYoICO
This is what it is all about for the Republican Party! #JobsNotMobs https://t.co/8OabccPec5
#JobsNotMobs! https://t.co/U1suRW5j6G
Beto O’Rourke is a total lightweight compared to Ted Cruz and he comes nowhere near representing the values and desires of the people of the Great State of Texas. He will never be allowed to turn Texas into Venezuela!
Secretary of State Mike Pompeo was never given or shown a Transcript or Video of the Saudi Consulate event. FAKE NEWS!
When referring to the USA I will always capitalize the word Country!
Congressman Andy Biggs is doing a great job for Arizona and our Country! https://t.co/V561vXRpzx
#JobsNotMobs!
Jon Tester says one thing to voters and does the EXACT OPPOSITE in Washington. Tester takes his orders form Pelosi &amp; Schumer. Tester wants to raise your taxes take away your 2A open your borders and deliver MOB RULE. Retire Tester &amp; Elect America-First Patriot Matt Rosendale!
Thank you Missoula Montana. Get out and VOTE for @MattForMontana and @GregForMontana!! #MAGA????https://t.co/6XgaceUu1e https://t.co/nEndInSOhw
The only thing keeping Tester alive is he has millions and millions of dollars from outside liberals and leftists who couldn’t care less about our Country!
Will be landing soon. Looking forward to seeing our next Senator from Montana Matt Rosendale. He will represent our Country well far better than Jon Tester who will vote with Cryin’ Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi - never with us!
Prime Minister @AbeShinzo of Japan has been working with me to help balance out the one-sided Trade with Japan. These are some of the investments they are making in our Country - just the beginning! https://t.co/ib2yB3Akkt
Thank you Mexico we look forward to working with you! https://t.co/wf7sE0DHFT
Look forward to being there. Something’s happening! #MAGA https://t.co/Cev7giQexE
Can you believe this and what Democrats are allowing to be done to our Country? https://t.co/4aDpASkjIU
All Republicans support people with pre-existing conditions and if they don’t they will after I speak to them. I am in total support. Also Democrats will destroy your Medicare and I will keep it healthy and well!
See you tonight Missoula Montana! #MAGARally????https://t.co/2HZ66y4BS7
.@StateDept @SecPompeo outside of the West Wing after our meeting this morning in the Oval Office... https://t.co/4GrmMdOhS1
Secretary of State Mike Pompeo returned last night from Saudi Arabia and Turkey. I met with him this morning wherein the Saudi situation was discussed in great detail including his meeting with...
...the Crown Prince. He is waiting for the results of the investigations being done by the Saudis and Turkey and just gave a news conference to that effect.
Congressman @DaveBratVA7th is one of the hardest working and smartest people in Washington. He is strong on the Border Crime the Military our Vets and the 2nd Amendment. He is a powerful vote for MAGA and loves the Great State of Virginia. Dave has my Total Endorsement!
....The assault on our country at our Southern Border including the Criminal elements and DRUGS pouring in is far more important to me as President than Trade or the USMCA. Hopefully Mexico will stop this onslaught at their Northern Border. All Democrats fault for weak laws!
....In addition to stopping all payments to these countries which seem to have almost no control over their population I must in the strongest of terms ask Mexico to stop this onslaught - and if unable to do so I will call up the U.S. Military and CLOSE OUR SOUTHERN BORDER!..
I am watching the Democrat Party led (because they want Open Borders and existing weak laws) assault on our country by Guatemala Honduras and El Salvador whose leaders are doing little to stop this large flow of people INCLUDING MANY CRIMINALS from entering Mexico to U.S.....
Ever since his vicious and totally false statements about Admiral Ron Jackson the highly respected White House Doctor for Obama Bush &amp; me Senator John Tester looks to be in big trouble in the Great State of Montana! He behaved worse than the Democrat Mob did with Justice K!
This afternoon it was my great honor to present @USMC Sergeant Major John Canley the Medal of Honor in the East Room of the @WhiteHouse! https://t.co/EI1DD4AkC9 https://t.co/6JJm1SRcQ9
RT @USMC: LIVE from the White House: Sgt. Maj. John Canley becomes the 300th Marine to receive the Medal of Honor. https://t.co/sD93rrqaoZ
Congressman Neal Dunn (@DunnCampaign) of Florida has done an outstanding job at everything having to do with #MAGA. Now working hard on hurricane relief and rebuild. Strong on Crime strong on Borders loves our Military and our Vets. Neal has my highest Endorsement!
College educated women want safety security and healthcare protections – very much along with financial and economic health for themselves and our Country. I supply all of this far better than any Democrat (for decades actually). That’s why they will be voting for me!
https://t.co/mNkDYgu5sr
https://t.co/MadlgNheSe
https://t.co/CMxxW2fEDq
https://t.co/afqHydsMB5
“President Donald J. Trump is Following Through on His Promise to Cut Burdensome Red Tape and Unleash the American Economy”Read more: https://t.co/SrBaQzpq4E https://t.co/zF8fEsw3in
RT @GOP: You can cast your ballot before Election Day in:??KS??NC??TNGet out and vote ?? https://t.co/YIO9A13Uio https://t.co/bxkCMApisn
RT @GOP: TODAY is the LAST day to register to vote in Massachusetts and Wisconsin!Register today ?? https://t.co/CZsNCAAomd https://t.co/3…
Republicans must make the horrendous weak and outdated immigration laws and the Border a part of the Midterms!
Hard to believe that with thousands of people from South of the Border walking unimpeded toward our country in the form of large Caravans that the Democrats won’t approve legislation that will allow laws for the protection of our country. Great Midterm issue for Republicans!
“Network News gave Zero coverage to the Big Day the Stock Market had yesterday.” @foxandfriends
August job openings hit a record 7.14 million. Congratulations USA!
AP headline was very different from my quote and meaning in the story. They just can’t help themselves. FAKE NEWS!
Ted Cruz has done so much for Texas including massive cuts in taxes and regulations - which has brought Texas to the best jobs numbers in the history of the state. He watches carefully over your 2nd Amendment. O’Rourke would blow it all! Ted has long had my Strong Endorsement!
Watched the debate last night &amp; Beto O’Rourke who wants higher taxes and far more regulations is not in the same league with Ted Cruz &amp; what the great people of Texas stand for &amp; want. Ted is strong on Crime Border &amp; 2nd A loves our Military Vets Low Taxes. Beto is a Flake!
“Trump could be the most honest president in modern history. When you look at the real barometer of presidential truthfulness which is promise keeping he is probably the most honest president in American history. He’s done exactly what he said he would do.” Marc Thiessen WPost
Stock Market up 548 points today. Also GREAT jobs numbers!
Elizabeth Warren is being hammered even by the Left. Her false claim of Indian heritage is only selling to VERY LOW I.Q. individuals!
Anybody entering the United States illegally will be arrested and detained prior to being sent back to their country!
We have today informed the countries of Honduras Guatemala and El Salvador that if they allow their citizens or others to journey through their borders and up to the United States with the intention of entering our country illegally all payments made to them will STOP (END)!
I will be interviewed tonight by Trish Regan on @FoxBusiness at 8:00 P.M. right after the great Lou Dobbs!
RT @FoxBusiness: TONIGHT: @POTUS talks 2020 election in an exclusive interview with @trish_regan. Don't miss the full interview on 'Trish R…
WOW John James is making headway in Michigan. We are bringing jobs back to the State and the People of Michigan appreciate it. Debbie Stabenow has been no help if anything a major hindrance. John James is a star I hope the voters see it. Polls are tightening!
...during the call and told me that he has already started and will rapidly expand a full and complete investigation into this matter. Answers will be forthcoming shortly.
Just spoke with the Crown Prince of Saudi Arabia who totally denied any knowledge of what took place in their Turkish Consulate. He was with Secretary of State Mike Pompeo...
REGISTER TO https://t.co/0pWiwCHGbh! #MAGA???? https://t.co/ACTMe53TZU
RT @WhiteHouse: https://t.co/RNqLpOtS3O
Is it really possible that Bruce Ohr whose wife Nellie was paid by Simpson and GPS Fusion for work done on the Fake Dossier and who was used as a Pawn in this whole SCAM (WITCH HUNT) is still working for the Department of Justice????? Can this really be so?????
“Conflict between Glen Simpson’s testimony to another House Panel about his contact with Justice Department official Bruce Ohr. Ohr was used by Simpson and Steele as a Back Channel to get (FAKE) Dossier to FBI. Simpson pleading Fifth.” Catherine Herridge. Where is Jeff Sessions?
“Federal Judge throws out Stormy Danials lawsuit versus Trump. Trump is entitled to full legal fees.” @FoxNews Great now I can go after Horseface and her 3rd rate lawyer in the Great State of Texas. She will confirm the letter she signed! She knows nothing about me a total con!
Incredible number just out 7036000 job openings. Astonishing - it’s all working! Stock Market up big on tremendous potential of USA. Also Strong Profits. We are Number One in World by far!
For the record I have no financial interests in Saudi Arabia (or Russia for that matter). Any suggestion that I have is just more FAKE NEWS (of which there is plenty)!
“8X more new manufacturing jobs now than with Obama.” @FoxNews  @cvpayne
The United States has strongly informed the President of Honduras that if the large Caravan of people heading to the U.S. is not stopped and brought back to Honduras no more money or aid will be given to Honduras effective immediately!
“Op-Ed praises Trump Administrations efforts at the Border.” @FoxNews  The  Washington Examiner States “Finally the government has taken steps to stop releasing unaccompanied minors to criminals and traffickers.” This was done by the Obama Administration!
Thank you to the Cherokee Nation for revealing that Elizabeth Warren sometimes referred to as Pocahontas is a complete and total Fraud!
Now that her claims of being of Indian heritage have turned out to be a scam and a lie Elizabeth Warren should apologize for perpetrating this fraud against the American Public. Harvard called her “a person of color” (amazing con) and would not have taken her otherwise!
Pocahontas (the bad version) sometimes referred to as Elizabeth Warren is getting slammed. She took a bogus DNA test and it showed that she may be 1/1024 far less than the average American. Now Cherokee Nation denies her “DNA test is useless.” Even they don’t want her. Phony!
TOGETHER WE WILL PREVAIL! https://t.co/C1TLMVkDmt
Open enrollment starts today on lower-priced Medicare Advantage plans so loved by our great seniors. Crazy Bernie and his band of Congressional Dems will outlaw these plans. Disaster!
RT @WhiteHouse: Thank you to the law enforcement first responders and state local and Federal officials who are helping in recovery eff…
RT @WhiteHouse: "First responders @fema the job they've done is incredible" President @realDonaldTrump said as he toured damage from #Hu…
Just arrived in Florida. Also thinking about our GREAT Alabama farmers and our many friends in North and South Carolina today. We are with you!
On our way to Florida and Georgia!
Just spoke to the King of Saudi Arabia who denies any knowledge of whatever may have happened “to our Saudi Arabian citizen.” He said that they are working closely with Turkey to find answer. I am immediately sending our Secretary of State to meet with King!
Will be leaving for Florida and Georgia with the First Lady to tour the hurricane damage and visit with FEMA First Responders and Law Enforcement. Maximum effort is taking place everyone is working very hard. Worst hit in 50 years!
The crowds at my Rallies are far bigger than they have ever been before including the 2016 election. Never an empty seat in these large venues many thousands of people watching screens outside. Enthusiasm &amp; Spirit is through the roof. SOMETHING BIG IS HAPPENING - WATCH!
“The only way to shut down the Democrats new Mob Rule strategy is to stop them cold at the Ballot Box. The fight for America’s future is never over!” Ben Shapiro
RT @realDonaldTrump: I will be interviewed on “60 Minutes” tonight at 7:00 P.M. after NFL game. Enjoy!
Thank you to NBC for the correction! https://t.co/L2mX3vREOl
Thank you! https://t.co/CrExOML9Mi
RT @IVT2020: @realDonaldTrump https://t.co/cvYbnieQ4H
I will be interviewed on “60 Minutes” tonight at 7:00 P.M. after NFL game. Enjoy!
Will be interviewed tonight by @LesleyRStahl on @60Minutes @CBSNews at 7:30 P.M. Eastern. Enjoy! https://t.co/eUTAP0u0Uh
Princess Eugenie of York was a truly beautiful bride yesterday. She has been through so much and has come out a total winner!
NBC News has totally and purposely changed the point and  meaning of my story about General Robert E Lee and General Ulysses Grant. Was actually a shoutout to warrior Grant and the great state in which he was born. As usual dishonest reporting. Even mainstream media embarrassed!
Congratulations to Tucker Carlson on the great success of his book “Ship of Fools.” It just went to NUMBER ONE!
Big day! Pastor Andrew Brunson who could have spent 35 years in a Turkish prison was returned safely home to his family today. Met in Oval Office great people! Then off to Kentucky for a Rally for Congressman Andy Barr. Tremendous crowd &amp; spirit! Just returned to White House.
Thank you Kentucky! #MAGA????https://t.co/iCUqrQ91gF https://t.co/xwsa1S2dIU
On my way to Richmond Kentucky for a MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN rally at 7:00pmE. The crowds are once again massive. See everyone in a couple of hours! #MAGA https://t.co/D1FYNgW0nL https://t.co/d0VBFeePLk
WELCOME HOME PASTOR ANDREW BRUNSON! https://t.co/HijeAGU1gy
https://t.co/uIaENHQoPK
Heading to the Great State of Kentucky - Big Rally for Congressman Andy Barr - Fantastic guy need his vote for MAGA! Strong on Crime Tax Cuts Military Vets &amp; 2nd A. His opponent will NEVER vote for us only for Pelosi. Andy has my Strongest Endorsement!!! See you in Kentucky.
Highly respected Congressman Keith Rothfus (R) of Pennsylvania is in the fight of his life because the Dems changed the District Map. He must win. Strong on crime borders big tax &amp; reg cuts Military &amp; Vets. Opponent Lamb a Pelosi puppet-weak on crime. BIG ENDORSEMENT FOR KEITH
“From a Turkish prison to the White House in 24 hours.”  Kristin Fisher of @FoxNews   Very cool!
There was NO DEAL made with Turkey for the release and return of Pastor Andrew Brunson. I don’t make deals for hostages. There was however great appreciation on behalf of the United States which will lead to good perhaps great relations between the United States &amp; Turkey!
Pastor Andrew Brunson released by Turkey will be with me in the Oval Office at 2:30 P.M. (this afternoon). It will be wonderful to see and meet him. He is a great Christian who has been through such a tough experience. I would like to thank President @RT_Erdogan for his help!
Happy 243rd Birthday to our GREAT @USNavy! #243NavyBday https://t.co/m1YtoKSHFw
RT @realDonaldTrump: Don’t miss our GREAT @FLOTUS Melania on @ABC @ABC2020 tonight at 10pmE. Enjoy!
Beautiful MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN rally in Lebanon Ohio. Thank you! #ICYMI watch here: https://t.co/UGQAmARPKR https://t.co/6nsoV8yTx3
The GREAT football (and lacrosse) player Jim Brown outside the West Wing of the @WhiteHouse. He is also a tremendous man and mentor to many young people! https://t.co/yo7MxoGL6C
https://t.co/HHTwwbuKa2
RT @WhiteHouse: https://t.co/IqLBKtgNEf
Happy #NationalFarmersDay! With the recent #USMCA our GREAT FARMERS will do better than ever before!! https://t.co/PMS4z2EScY
Don’t miss our GREAT @FLOTUS Melania on @ABC @ABC2020 tonight at 10pmE. Enjoy!
People have no idea how hard Hurricane Michael has hit the great state of Georgia. I will be visiting both Florida and Georgia early next week. We are working very hard on every area and every state that was hit - we are with you!
PROMISES MADE PROMISES KEPT! https://t.co/2lk8Fjspe4
REGISTER TO VOTE! https://t.co/0pWiwCHGbh https://t.co/EOCLoJJ24B
PASTOR BRUNSON JUST RELEASED. WILL BE HOME SOON!
My thoughts and prayers are with Pastor Brunson and we hope to have him safely back home soon!
So nice everyone wants Ivanka Trump to be the new United Nations Ambassador. She would be incredible but I can already hear the chants of Nepotism! We have great people that want the job.
Working very hard on Pastor Brunson!
RT @FLGuard: There are serious communication issues in the Panhandle after #HurricaneMichael. If you are worried about someone visit https…
RT @WhiteHouse: President Trump provides an update on the response to Hurricane Michael: https://t.co/zmnHXKakYw
RT @WhiteHouse: Moments ago President Trump signed the Music Modernization Act which will close loopholes in our digital royalty laws to…
https://t.co/xJ9QYGMJXa
https://t.co/rsxEwbFZht
https://t.co/h47S6T9u8V
Florida Highway Patrol Troopers are all en route to the Panhandle from all across the state of Florida - to help those affected by #HurricaneMichael. If you see them be sure to shake their hands and say THANK YOU! #LESM https://t.co/rB7uNBudY5
Thank you to @FEMA and all First Responders! #HurricaneMichael https://t.co/vwN8BbrkkJ
Thank you Jacksonville Sheriff’s Office! #HurricaneMichael https://t.co/fuy7stLMJI
Massive overflow crowd tonight in Erie Pennsylvania. THANK YOU to everyone who came out and joined us. Together we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! https://t.co/FkPNNVpccX
Thank you Erie Pennsylvania! Remember to get out and VOTE! #MAGA???? https://t.co/X8IEW8h9qP
RT @fema: It’s extremely important to keep sheltering in a safe place and to stay aware as #Michael continues to move inland! https://t.co/…
RT @USNationalGuard: LIVE UPDATE: @AlabamaNG @GeorgiaGuard @FLGuard and @NCNationalGuard vehicles and personnel are staged and ready to p…
RT @WhiteHouse: Earlier today: President @realDonaldTrump joined by Homeland Security @SecNielsen listens as @FEMA_Brock briefs reporters…
Couldn’t let these great people down. They have been lined up since last night - see you soon Pennsylvania! https://t.co/jSrsmncw85
Departing the @WhiteHouse for Erie Pennsylvania. I cannot disappoint the thousands of people that are there - and the thousands that are going. I look forward to seeing everyone this evening.
RT @USATODAY: .@usatodayopinion: Democrats want to outlaw private health care plans taking away freedom to choose plans while letting anyo…
RT @FLGuard: #HurricaneMichael is here but so are we. Stay safe Florida. #FloridaFirst #FLNGAlwaysThere https://t.co/e2rVNXFERp
RT @EricTrump: All my friends in Missouri today is your LAST CHANCE to register to vote this November! It is very easy to do - simply go t…
We are with you Florida! https://t.co/qzrVLeFbyFhttps://t.co/HVVhSmBg7S https://t.co/rcB6OCwLeH
Despite so many positive events and victories Media Reseach Center reports that 92% of stories on Donald Trump are negative on ABC CBS and ABC. It is FAKE NEWS! Don’t worry the Failing New York Times didn’t even put the Brett Kavanaugh victory on the Front Page yesterday-A17!
RT @NHC_Surge: A destructive and life-threatening storm surge event will occur along portions of the Florida Panhandle Big Bend and Natur…
RT @FAANews: Due to #HurricaneMichael flights in your area could be delayed and possibly cancelled. Please continue to check the status of…
RT @FLSERT: Hurricane shelter locations are accessible from: https://t.co/Hop887IoiC #HurricaneMichael https://t.co/Ljk8boFaSw
RT @NHC_Atlantic: Hurricane #Michael.  In addition to the life-threatening storm surge and wind impacts heavy rainfall is expected across…
RT @NHC_Atlantic: Hurricane force winds are expected to extend well inland over portions of the Florida Panhandle and portions of southeast…
RT @NHC_Atlantic: A Storm Surge Warning remains in effect for much of the Florida Panhandle and Big Bend region where life-threatening sto…
RT @NHC_Atlantic: NHC Director Ken Graham will provide a Facebook Live broadcast regarding Category 4 Hurricane #Michael at 8:45 a.m. EDT (…
RT @fema: As Hurricane #Michael nears land take shelter &amp; stay safe.??Follow weather updates on your phone or radio.?? In a tornado WARN…
Walker Stapleton is running as the highly respected Republican Candidate for Governor of the Great State of Colorado. His credentials and talents are impeccable. He has my complete and total Endorsement!
RT @FLGovScott: If you’re in an evacuation zone I am urging you to leave RIGHT NOW. Do not risk your life or the lives of your loved ones-…
THANK YOU IOWA &amp; NEBRASKA! VOTE VOTE VOTE! https://t.co/0pWiwCHGbh https://t.co/tzkiQ4IlEd
https://t.co/CPf3oxgdRX
Beautiful evening in Iowa. GOD BLESS THE U.S.A.! #MAGA???? https://t.co/Zi0rwyajrz
RT @fema: Flooding from Hurricane #Michael will affect several states. Finish preparations ASAP and get ready to shelter in a safe location…
RT @FLOTUS: Thank you Egypt ???? ???? https://t.co/7i0POn29XN
RT @FLOTUS: Thank you Kenya ???? ???? https://t.co/5FXP7Ki3Zw
.@FLGovScott has been relentless in securing the funding to fix the algae problem from Lake Okeechobee - we will solve this! Congress must follow through on the Government’s plan on the Everglades Reservoir. Bill Nelson has been no help!
RT @Scavino45: Congratulations to our 114th Supreme Court Justice Brett M. Kavanaugh! #SCOTUS??????????https://t.co/c3YdNNcU7c https://t.co/A…
“President Donald J. Trump Approves Florida Emergency Declaration” https://t.co/TnTDCvs41W
REGISTER TO VOTE! https://t.co/0pWiwCHGbh https://t.co/3vYfDmpqiH
FLORIDA - It is imperative that you heed the directions of your State and Local Officials. Please be prepared be careful and be SAFE! #HurricaneMichael https://t.co/VP6PBXfzm9 https://t.co/aKmaDNgZve
...Looks to be a Cat. 3 which is even more intense than Florence. Good news is the folks in the Pan Handle can take care of anything. @FEMA and First Responders are ready - be prepared! #HurricaneMichael
Hurricane on its way to the Florida Pan Handle with major elements arriving tomorrow. Could also hit in later stage parts of Georgia and unfortunately North Carolina and South Carolina again...
Big announcement with my friend Ambassador Nikki Haley in the Oval Office at 10:30am.
RT @realDonaldTrump: https://t.co/4ySIkmfllE
Will be going to Iowa tonight for Rally and more! The Farmers (and all) are very happy with USMCA!
Great evening last night at the White House honoring Justice Kavanaugh and family. Our country is very proud of them!
The paid D.C. protesters are now ready to REALLY protest because they haven’t gotten their checks - in other words they weren’t paid! Screamers in Congress and outside were far too obvious - less professional than anticipated by those paying (or not paying) the bills!
RT @NWSTallahassee: 8am Intermediate Advisory from @NHC_Atlantic upgrades #HurricaneMichael into a category 2 hurricane. Keep in mind wind…
RT @fema: ??If you're told to evacuate for Hurricane #Michael don't delay. Leave as soon as possible. Listen to @FLSERT and local offici…
https://t.co/4ySIkmfllE
https://t.co/k2bOxapRtR
Great to see @AGPamBondi launch a cutting-edge statewide school safety APP in Florida today - named by Parkland Survivors. BIG PRIORITY and Florida is getting it done! #FortifyFL
Every day our police officers race into darkened allies deserted streets &amp; onto the doorsteps of the most hardened criminals. They see the worst of humanity &amp; they respond with the best of the American Spirit. America’s LEOs have earned the everlasting gratitude of our Nation! https://t.co/RquS91Vz7o
We thank you. We salute you. We honor you. And we promise you: we will ALWAYS have your BACK – now and FOREVER! #IACP2018 https://t.co/nvUUIuvouj
America’s police officers have earned the everlasting gratitude of our Nation. In moments of danger &amp; despair you are the reason we never lose hope – because there are men &amp; women in uniform who face down evil &amp; stand for all that is GOOD and JUST and DECENT and RIGHT! #IACP2018 https://t.co/N0Dq50DkbP
It was my great honor to address the International Association of Chiefs of Police Annual Convention in Orlando Florida. Thank you! #IACP2018 #LESM https://t.co/Z0nY5bSNr6
Departing Washington D.C. for the International Association of Chiefs of Police Annual Convention in Orlando Florida. Look forward to seeing everyone soon! #IACP2018 https://t.co/EwSd7IU9t1
Christopher Columbus’s spirit of determination &amp; adventure has provided inspiration to generations of Americans. On #ColumbusDay we honor his remarkable accomplishments as a navigator &amp; celebrate his voyage into the unknown expanse of the Atlantic Ocean. https://t.co/Mg3dxRfPuN
RT @FLOTUS: Thank you Kenya ???? ???? https://t.co/JrHncob8Qp
.@SecPompeo had a good meeting with Chairman Kim today in Pyongyang. Progress made on Singapore Summit Agreements! I look forward to seeing Chairman Kim again in the near future. https://t.co/bUa2pkq80s
You don’t hand matches to an arsonist and you don’t give power to an angry left-wing mob. Democrats have become too EXTREME and TOO DANGEROUS to govern. Republicans believe in the rule of law - not the rule of the mob. VOTE REPUBLICAN!
Beautiful evening in Topeka Kansas. VOTE VOTE VOTE! #MAGA https://t.co/bomRqsaYfm
Thank you Kansas - I love you! https://t.co/ymCFNr9WQY
The crowd in front of the U.S. Supreme Court is tiny looks like about 200 people (&amp; most are onlookers) - that wouldn’t even fill the first couple of rows of our Kansas Rally or any of our Rallies for that matter! The Fake News Media tries to make it look sooo big &amp; it’s not!
I applaud and congratulate the U.S. Senate for confirming our GREAT NOMINEE Judge Brett Kavanaugh to the United States Supreme Court. Later today I will sign his Commission of Appointment and he will be officially sworn in. Very exciting!
I have asked Steve Daines our great Republican Senator from Montana to attend his daughter Annie’s wedding rather than coming to today’s vote. Steve was ready to do whatever he had to but we had the necessary number. To the Daines Family congratulations-have a wonderful day!
Women for Kavanaugh and many others who support this very good man are gathering all over Capitol Hill in preparation for a 3-5 P.M. VOTE. It is a beautiful thing to see - and they are not paid professional protesters who are handed expensive signs. Big day for America!
Women for Kavanaugh and many others who support this very good man are gathering all over Capital Hill in preparation for a 3-5 P.M. VOTE. It is a beautiful thing to see - and they are not paid professional protesters who are handed expensive signs. Big day for America!
RT @realDonaldTrump: Thank you Minnesota - I love you!https://t.co/eQC2NqdIil
RT @FLOTUS: Thank you Malawi! ???? ???? https://t.co/rE03LMNzOZ
RT @FLOTUS: Thank you Ghana! ???? ???? https://t.co/d34cqFyRdN
Very proud of the U.S. Senate for voting “YES” to advance the nomination of Judge Brett Kavanaugh!
Just out: 3.7% Unemployment is the lowest number since 1969!
The very rude elevator screamers are paid professionals only looking to make Senators look bad. Don’t fall for it! Also look at all of the professionally made identical signs. Paid for by Soros and others. These are not signs made in the basement from love! #Troublemakers
RT @RealJamesWoodss: Whether you love or hate him Trump’s ascendancy to the presidency was a once-in-a-century miracle. He was literally t…
RT @newsobserver: Presidential adviser and daughter @IvankaTrump will make 3 stops in NC to see hurricane relief efforts thank first respo…
RT @Scavino45: ??Happening Now | 2:08amE; Our great @FLOTUS Melania Trump...visiting a Kenyan elephant orphanage...https://t.co/rW2cWXaswf
Beautiful evening in Rochester Minnesota. VOTE VOTE VOTE! https://t.co/SyxrxvTpZE
Thank you Minnesota - I love you!https://t.co/eQC2NqdIil
Just made my second stop in Minnesota for a MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN rally. We need to elect @KarinHousley to the U.S. Senate and we need the strong leadership of @TomEmmer @Jason2CD @JimHagedornMN and @PeteStauber in the U.S. House!
Congressman Bishop is doing a GREAT job! He helped pass tax reform which lowered taxes for EVERYONE! Nancy Pelosi is spending hundreds of thousands of dollars on his opponent because they both support a liberal agenda of higher taxes and wasteful spending!
“U.S. Stocks Widen Global Lead” https://t.co/Snhv08ulcO
Statement on National Strategy for Counterterrorism: https://t.co/ajFBg9Elsj https://t.co/Qr56ycjMAV
Working hard thank you! https://t.co/6HQVaEXH0I
This is now the 7th. time the FBI has investigated Judge Kavanaugh. If we made it 100 it would still not be good enough for the Obstructionist Democrats.
RT @ChatByCC: While armed with the power of our Vote we proudly &amp; peacefully revoltedNever doubt this was an American revolution#MAGA…
This is a very important time in our country. Due Process Fairness and Common Sense are now on trial!
Our country’s great First Lady Melania is doing really well in Africa. The people love her and she loves them! It is a beautiful thing to see.
The harsh and unfair treatment of Judge Brett Kavanaugh is having an incredible upward impact on voters. The PEOPLE get it far better than the politicians. Most importantly this great life cannot be ruined by mean &amp; despicable Democrats and totally uncorroborated allegations!
Wow such enthusiasm and energy for Judge Brett Kavanaugh. Look at the Energy look at the Polls. Something very big is happening. He is a fine man and great intellect. The country is with him all the way!
My thoughts and prayers are with the Florence County Sheriff’s Office and the Florence Police Department tonight in South Carolina. We are forever grateful for what our Law Enforcement Officers do 24/7/365. https://t.co/ZwDmDthItD
Just spoke to President-Elect Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador of Mexico. Great call we will work well together!
I see it each time I go out to Rallies in order to help some of our great Republican candidates. VOTERS ARE REALLY ANGRY AT THE VICIOUS AND DESPICABLE WAY DEMOCRATS ARE TREATING BRETT KAVANAUGH! He and his wonderful family deserve much better.
Mexico Canada and the United States are a great partnership and will be a very formidable trading force. We will now because of the USMCA work very well together. Great Spirit!
Blowout numbers on New Jobs and separately Services. Market up!
Thank you to Congressman Tom Reed of New York for your wonderful comments on our great new Trade Deal with Mexico and Canada the USMCA. I have long ago given you my Full Endorsement and for good reason. Keep up the Great Work! @Varneyco
Thank you Governor Phil Bryant - it was my great honor to be there! #MAGA https://t.co/UbY7Qu2fMt
https://t.co/w04sqlMIYm
The Stock Market just reached an All-Time High during my Administration for the 102nd Time a presidential record by far for less than two years. So much potential as Trade and Military Deals are completed.
The Failing New York Times did something I have never seen done before. They used the concept of “time value of money” in doing a very old boring and often told hit piece on me. Added up this means that 97% of their stories on me are bad. Never recovered from bad election call!
Congressman @PeteSessions of Texas is a true fighter and patriot. Highly respected in D.C. by all he always gets what his district and our country wants and needs. Strong on Crime Border Military Vets and 2nd Amendment. Pete has my Full and Total Endorsement. A great guy!
RT @DHSgov: REMINDER: Tomorrow 10/3 at 2:18 PM EDT there will be a nationwide test of the Wireless Emergency Alert system in coordinatio…
Thank you Mississippi - Together we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! https://t.co/npnRirjcFG
Today my Administration provided HISTORIC levels of funding to improve school safety through STOP School Violence grants – a top priority for @sandyhook. I am committed to keeping our children SAFE in their schools!
“National wage growth is at the highest it’s been in nearly 17 months -- and according to a new study released by Glassdoor it’s not expected to slow down anytime soon....” https://t.co/G0Ts6yVqF9
GOD BLESS THE U.S.A.! #MAGA???? https://t.co/pquqyy5S3G
Thank you Mississippi - I love you! https://t.co/eH6x1NBNQG
This is really an incredible time for our Nation - WE are RESPECTED AGAIN! https://t.co/94KusYcDAj
RT @WhiteHouse: “America will always be a nation of great builders because in America we honor work we honor grit we honor craftsmanshi…
“USMCA Wins Praise as a Victory for American Industries and Workers”??https://t.co/UWhPhNXiiL https://t.co/eBVv0nXXRT
Proud of our great First Lady - and she loves doing this! https://t.co/VD7wlqeJoR
Yesterday it was my great honor to present the Medal of Honor to Ronald J. Shurer II for his actions on April 6 2008 when he braved enemy fire to treat multiple injured Soldiers. Read more: https://t.co/Nrrcp2JJUL https://t.co/A0KLHmIPZs
THE ONLY REASON TO VOTE FOR A DEMOCRAT IS IF YOU’RE TIRED OF WINNING!
Great reviews on the new USMCA. Thank you! Mexico and Canada will be wonderful partners in Trade (and more) long into the future.
Happy 7th birthday to Tristan a very special member of the Trump family!
WOW - THANK YOU TENNESSEE! https://t.co/38UUDqfIz5
Thank you Tennessee - I love you! https://t.co/1swpoY7F5x
https://t.co/5UmYGFLyLK
News conference on the USMCA this morning at 11:00 - Rose Garden of White House.
Congratulations to Mexico and Canada!
....deficiencies and mistakes in NAFTA greatly opens markets to our Farmers and Manufacturers reduces Trade Barriers to the U.S. and will bring all three Great Nations together in competition with the rest of the world. The USMCA is a historic transaction!
.....deficiencies and mistakes in NAFTA greatly opens markets to our Farmers and Manufacturers reduce Trade Barriers to the U.S. and will bring all three Great Nations closer together in competition with the rest of the world. The USMCA is a historic transaction!
Late last night our deadline we reached a wonderful new Trade Deal with Canada to be added into the deal already reached with Mexico. The new name will be The United States Mexico Canada Agreement or USMCA. It is a great deal for all three countries solves the many......
Wow! Just starting to hear the Democrats who are only thinking Obstruct and Delay are starting to put out the word that the “time” and “scope” of FBI looking into Judge Kavanaugh and witnesses is not enough. Hello! For them it will never be enough - stay tuned and watch!
So if African-American unemployment is now at the lowest number in history median income the highest and you then add all of the other things I have done how do Democrats who have done NOTHING for African-Americans but TALK win the Black Vote?  And it will only get better!
Like many I don’t watch Saturday Night Live (even though I past hosted it) - no longer funny no talent or charm. It is just a political ad for the Dems. Word is that Kanye West who put on a MAGA hat after the show (despite being told “no”) was great. He’s leading the charge!
NBC News incorrectly reported (as usual) that I was limiting the FBI investigation of Judge Kavanaugh and witnesses only to certain people. Actually I want them to interview whoever they deem appropriate at their discretion. Please correct your reporting!
Thank you West Virginia - I love you! https://t.co/Ou2umCfKp9
https://t.co/BxlF4grr9k
Heading to West Virginia now. Big Rally. Will be live on @FoxNews tonight. Long lines but will be great!
Senator Richard Blumenthal must talk about his fraudulent service in Vietnam where for 12 years he told the people of Connecticut as their Attorney General that he was a great Marine War Hero. Talked about his many battles of near death but was never in Vietnam. Total Phony!
Just started tonight our 7th FBI investigation of Judge Brett Kavanaugh. He will someday be recognized as a truly great Justice of The United States Supreme Court!
Judge Kavanaugh showed America exactly why I nominated him. His testimony was powerful honest and riveting. Democrats’ search and destroy strategy is disgraceful and this process has been a total sham and effort to delay obstruct and resist. The Senate must vote!
https://t.co/9o5gZlJiTd
Join me this Saturday in Wheeling West Virginia at 7pmE! Tickets: https://t.co/JyRaBps0eR https://t.co/hiruLIxa7w
RT @WhiteHouse: President Trump and Prime Minister Theresa May met for a bilateral meeting in New York ???? ???? https://t.co/VdJztUmD9T
RT @WhiteHouse: This afternoon President Trump participated in a bilateral meeting with Prime Minister Abe. ???????? https://t.co/PvSINQY7yq
RT @WhiteHouse: Earlier today President Trump participated in a bilateral meeting with Prime Minister @netanyahu of Israel. ???????? https://t…
Congressman Lee Zeldin is doing a fantastic job in D.C. Tough and smart he loves our Country and will always be there to do the right thing. He has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
RT @PeteHegseth: This @realDonaldTrump speech to the #UNGA should be required viewing in American high schools. A beautiful articulation of…
RT @newtgingrich: President Trump’s United Nations speech today is a remarkable outline of the power of patriotism the importance of natio…
China is actually placing propaganda ads in the Des Moines Register and other papers made to look like news. That’s because we are beating them on Trade opening markets and the farmers will make a fortune when this is over! https://t.co/ppdvTX7oz1
Avenatti is a third rate lawyer who is good at making false accusations like he did on me and like he is now doing on Judge Brett Kavanaugh. He is just looking for attention and doesn’t want people to look at his past record and relationships - a total low-life!
Jobless Claims fell to their lowest level in 49 years!
Consumer confidence hits an 18 year high close to breaking the all-time record. A big jump from last 8 years. People are excited about the USA again! We are getting Bigger and Richer and Stronger. WAY MORE TO GO!
The Democrats are playing a high level CON GAME in their vicious effort to destroy a fine person. It is called the politics of destruction. Behind the scene the Dems are laughing. Pray for Brett Kavanaugh and his family!
“These law enforcement people took the law into their own hands when it came to President Trump.” @LindseyGrahamSC
73rd Session of the United Nations General Assembly #UNGA https://t.co/xJyx7RrH5F
“Consumer confidence rose in September notching its highest level in about 18 years. The Consumer Board's index rose to 138.4 this month from 134.7 in August...” https://t.co/ZbxjnrRvAX
“Remarks by President Trump at a Luncheon Hosted by the Secretary-General of the United Nations” https://t.co/ShHaLmoSDL https://t.co/k62KGgD8j6
“Remarks by President Trump to the 73rd Session of the United Nations General Assembly” ??https://t.co/Oshhko61zY https://t.co/Fm8LSse417
Rush Limbaugh to Republicans: “You can kiss the MIDTERMS goodbye if you don’t get highly qualified Kavanaugh approved.”
Thank you Dr. Jeffress! https://t.co/cm7NjQh0ti
Thank you Mark! https://t.co/NVGs6WbQe2
https://t.co/h43dehf0WV
Will be speaking at the United Nations this morning. Our country is much stronger and much richer than it was when I took office less than two years ago. We are also MUCH safer!
Despite requests I have no plans to meet Iranian President Hassan Rouhani. Maybe someday in the future. I am sure he is an absolutely lovely man!
Republican Party Favorability is the highest it has been in 7 years - 3 points higher than Democrats!  Gallup
The Democrats are working hard to destroy a wonderful man and a man who has the potential to be one of our greatest Supreme Court Justices ever with an array of False Accusations the likes of which have never been seen before!
REMEMBER THE MIDTERMS!
The Democrats are working hard to destroy a wonderful man and a man who has the potential to be one of our greatest Supreme Court Justices ever with an array of False Acquisitions the likes of which have never been seen before!
https://t.co/FXqSWusSTV
It was my great honor to welcome President @EmmanuelMacron of France to the United States here in New York City this evening! #UNGA https://t.co/Gd7pCBFUCg
RT @realDonaldTrump: Brett Kavanaugh and his wife Ashley will be interviewed tonight at 7pmE on @marthamaccallum @FoxNews. This is an out…
It was my great honor to welcome President @AlsisiOfficial of Egypt to the United States this afternoon in New York City. Great meetings! #UNGA https://t.co/dsMZWodpWr
Joint Statement on the United States-Korea Free Trade Agreement: https://t.co/m0jW8nqdQW https://t.co/lcrhsJtv00
Brett Kavanaugh and his wife Ashley will be interviewed tonight at 7pmE on @marthamaccallum @FoxNews. This is an outstanding family who must be treated fairly!
US-Korea Free Trade Agreement Signing Ceremony! https://t.co/yLFkAZgagG
It was my great honor to welcome and meet with President @moonriver365 Jae-in of South Korea today in New York City! https://t.co/7f3eOYGxDn #UNGA https://t.co/B6rVeeBTCc
Today we commit to fighting the drug epidemic together! #UNGA https://t.co/XgaYTOBrSK
“Remarks by President Trump at ‘Global Call to Action on the World Drug Problem’ Event” #UNGA??https://t.co/kvUZegWdlH https://t.co/BGdrQeZuId
RT @SCEMD: Now is the time to put safety first above everything else. Evacuate to a shelter if you need to take your pets with you. Your l…
Prime Minster @AbeShinzo is coming up to Trump Tower for dinner but most importantly he just had a great landslide victory in Japan. I will congratulate him on behalf of the American people!
Going to New York. Will be with Prime Minister Abe of Japan tonight talking Military and Trade. We have done much to help Japan would like to see more of a reciprocal relationship. It will all work out!
Tiger is playing great. Looks like a big win could happen. Very exciting! @TigerWoods
https://t.co/qZSEifBNaP
https://t.co/MgkotGmkJ0
New Economic Records being set on a daily basis - and it is not by accident!
GOD BLESS THE U.S.A.! https://t.co/n9OkDlqz11
RT @RSBNetwork: President @realDonaldTrump absolutely packs the house at JQH Arena in Springfield MO. #TrumpRally #RedWave https://t.co/1c…
RT @dcexaminer: "We are standing up for your values" Trump said closing his rally in Springfield Missouri. "We are standing up for our na…
RT @juliehdavis: For 2nd night in row at Trump rally (tonite in Springfield last nite in Las Vegas) crowd spontaneously breaks into cheer…
RT @FoxBusiness: .@POTUS: "The stock market is up 55%... Your 401(k)s are up 50 60 70% in some cases." https://t.co/g38SD65pMW
Thank you Missouri - Together we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! https://t.co/onl1HmM2Gz
Thank you Missouri - I love you!https://t.co/rx3mtd7yOy
Remarks by President Trump at the Signing of H.R. 5895: https://t.co/tfKJJGMevo https://t.co/7hcD22Txvy
https://t.co/hIw1AQdRpY
RT @W7VOA: View of the line outside Las Vegas Convention Center of those waiting to get into the @realDonaldTrump #MAGA rally. (Photos sent…
RT @RamonaGiwargis: The crowd roars as @realDonaldTrump takes the stage. Says he’s thrilled to be back in Ne-vah-da. “You have to say that…
RT @MikeTokes: What an amazing Trump rally in Las Vegas Nevada. There must have been over 10000 people here and trust me when I say it w…
RT @MikeTokes: We are outside the Trump rally in Las Vegas. There are THOUSANDS of conservatives here and the line extends all the way arou…
RT @NVGOP: Energy and excitement for President @realDonaldTrump and his #AmericaFirst agenda is through the roof! #MAGA https://t.co/KNywCE…
RT @GOP: “We’re fighting every day for our factories our ranchers our great miners our farmers and we are now the largest producer of e…
RT @LindseyGrahamSC: Great job tonight by President @realDonaldTrump in Las Vegas laying out how strong America has become economically and…
Promises Kept for our GREAT Veterans! https://t.co/C0h8cW4FuH
Throughout American history the men and women of our Armed Forces have selflessly served our Country making tremendous sacrifices to defend our liberty. On National POW/MIA Recognition Day we honor all American Prisoners of War: https://t.co/ZGiqdYbats https://t.co/OEetrLzgcJ
Senator Feinstein and the Democrats held the letter for months only to release it with a bang after the hearings were OVER - done very purposefully to Obstruct &amp; Resist &amp; Delay. Let her testify or not and TAKE THE VOTE!
Senator Feinstein and the Democrats  held the letter for months only to release it with a bang after the hearings were OVER - done very purposefully to Obstruct &amp; Resist &amp; Delay. Let her testify or not and TAKE THE VOTE!
....has been asked to review these documents on an expedited basis. I believe he will move quickly on this (and hopefully other things which he is looking at). In the end I can always declassify if it proves necessary. Speed is very important to me - and everyone!
I met with the DOJ concerning the declassification of various UNREDACTED documents. They agreed to release them but stated that so doing may have a perceived negative impact on the Russia probe. Also key Allies’ called to ask not to release. Therefore the Inspector General.....
RT @trueamerica1st: @realDonaldTrump https://t.co/w7EBsA5aTT
RT @trueamerica1st: https://t.co/02E9bG17Mf
The radical left lawyers want the FBI to get involved NOW. Why didn’t someone call the FBI 36 years ago?
I will Chair the United Nations Security Council meeting on Iran next week!
I have no doubt that if the attack on Dr. Ford was as bad as she says charges would have been immediately filed with local Law Enforcement Authorities by either her or her loving parents. I ask that she bring those filings forward so that we can learn  date time and place!
Judge Brett Kavanaugh is a fine man with an impeccable reputation who is under assault by radical left wing politicians who don’t want to know the answers they just want to destroy and delay. Facts don’t matter. I go through this with them every single day in D.C.
AMERICA IS WINNING AGAIN! https://t.co/6HcBjLAAQB
Thank you Las Vegas Nevada - I love you! #MAGA???? https://t.co/GBZO84PyQ1
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!https://t.co/OYJUkiEUid
Landing in Las Vegas now for a Make America Great Again Rally supporting @DeanHeller and @DannyTarkanian. Also doing interview there with @seanhannity live on @FoxNews. Big crowd long lines. Will be great! #MAGA
https://t.co/LdXQb42Imc
On my way to Las Vegas Nevada. Look forward to seeing everyone tonight! #MAGA https://t.co/wTeerIUJvd
https://t.co/RzqoiQ4SmD
...North Korea to be identified as a result of my Summit with Chairman Kim. These HEROES are home they may Rest In Peace and hopefully their families can have closure.
Army Master Sgt. Charles H. McDaniel 32 of Vernon Indiana and Army Pfc. William H. Jones 19 of Nash County North Carolina are the first American remains from...
Congratulations to my good friend Prime Minister @AbeShinzo on his HUGE election victory in Japan. I’m looking forward to many more years of working together. See you in New York next week!????????
.@JayWebberNJ is running for Congress in the 11th District of New Jersey. He is outstanding in every way. Strong on Borders loves our Military and our Vets. Big Crime fighter. Jay has my Full and Total Endorsement!
S&amp;P 500 HITS ALL-TIME HIGH  Congratulations USA!
I want to know where is the money for Border Security and the WALL in this ridiculous Spending Bill and where will it come from after the Midterms? Dems are obstructing Law Enforcement and Border Security. REPUBLICANS MUST FINALLY GET TOUGH!
....The thing that’s lacking is we can’t properly secure the Border because of the Democrats historic level of Obstruction.” Senator David Perdue of Georgia.
“We can’t secure the Border because of the Democrats historic level of Obstruction. The Presidents fed up with this. His agenda is working. The economy is growing at twice the rate it did under Obama. We’ve nominated and confirmed 68 Federal Judges 26 Court of Appeals Judges....
We protect the countries of the Middle East they would not be safe for very long without us and yet they continue to push for higher and higher oil prices! We will remember. The OPEC monopoly must get prices down now!
Financial and jobs numbers are fantastic. There are plenty of new high paying jobs available in our great and very vibrant economy. If you are not happy where you are start looking - but also remember our economy is only getting better. Vote in Midterms!
https://t.co/zMg2iZgriM
Great new book by Jason Chaffetz appropriately called “The Deep State.” Very interesting indeed!
Just returned to the White House from the Great States of North Carolina and South Carolina where incredible work is being done on the ongoing fight against hurricane Florence. Tremendous talent and spirit!
“President Donald J. Trump’s Administration is Providing Support to Those Impacted by Hurricane Florence” https://t.co/3neafSgQ1h
“North Korea recommits to denuclearization - we’ve come a long way.” @FoxNews
....it was impossible - and then already it’s over 4% and I expect it’s going to grow faster and faster. We’re just getting started here.” Peter Ferrara former advisor to President Reagan. @foxandfriends
“The recovery got started on Election Day 2016. It took Trump’s Tax Cuts and Regulation Cuts to get the economy booming. Before that it was the worst and slowest economic recovery since the Great Depression. It took just 6 months for Trump to get to 3% even though they said.....
....returned home to the United States. Also North and South Korea will file a joint bid to host the 2032 Olympics. Very exciting!
Kim Jong Un has agreed to allow Nuclear inspections subject to final negotiations and to permanently dismantle a test site and launch pad in the presence of international experts. In the meantime there will be no Rocket or Nuclear testing. Hero remains to continue being........
The Supreme Court is one of the main reasons I got elected President. I hope Republican Voters and others are watching and studying the Democrats Playbook.
https://t.co/G0BjCXEnaX
Today it was my great honor to welcome @prezydentpl Andrzej Duda of Poland to the @WhiteHouse! https://t.co/VdsTYdq9MN
Today I took action to strengthen our Nation’s defenses against biological threats. For the first time in history the Federal Government has a National Biodefense Strategy to address the FULL RANGE of biological threats! https://t.co/kW7Ug1DA6q
Thank you to our great Coast Guard for doing such a tremendous job - thousands of lives being saved! https://t.co/Ud8AT1orf8 https://t.co/YEFnGMmwoV
...that FEMA our Military and our First Responders who are all unbelievable are a disaster and not doing a good job. This will be a total lie but that’s what they do and everybody knows it!
Right now everybody is saying what a great job we are doing with Hurricane Florence – and they are 100% correct. But don’t be fooled at some point in the near future the Democrats will start ranting...
Happy 71st Birthday to our GREAT United States Air Force! https://t.co/r9Sa7DJQ76
.....China has been taking advantage of the United States on Trade for many years. They also know that I am the one that knows how to stop it. There will be great and fast economic retaliation against China if our farmers ranchers and/or industrial workers are targeted!
China has openly stated that they are actively trying to impact and change our election by attacking our farmers ranchers and industrial workers because of their loyalty to me. What China does not understand is that these people are great patriots and fully understand that.....
....campaign which is unprecedented in our history.” Congressman Peter King  Really bad things were happening but they are now being exposed. Big stuff!
“What will be disclosed is that there was no basis for these FISA Warrants that the important information was kept from the court there’s going to be a disproportionate influence of the (Fake) Dossier. Basically you have a counter terrorism tool used to spy on a presidential...
Today as we celebrate Hispanic Heritage Month we share our gratitude for all the ways Hispanic-Americans make our country flourish and prosper. Today and every day we honor cherish and celebrate Hispanic-American Workers Families Students Businesses and Leaders... https://t.co/2AxlbluB2S
Just met John James of Michigan. He has every single quality to be your next Great Senator from Michigan. When the people of Michigan get to know John they will say he is a true star. Also distinguished Military and a Combat Vet! https://t.co/thRBoBkuFL
It was my great honor to host today’s Inaugural Meeting of the “President’s National Council for the American Worker” in the Roosevelt Room! Read more: https://t.co/mi7MVljnBa https://t.co/vyvlw2YP91
https://t.co/Vu2b2hhwHu
Happy Constitution Day! https://t.co/9KiLowP3Hh
Join me in Las Vegas Nevada at 7:00pm for a MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN RALLY! Tickets: https://t.co/keENWZEd0F https://t.co/xJzQ9foOTL
Americans deserve to know the lowest drug price at their pharmacy but “gag clauses” prevent your pharmacist from telling you! I support legislation that will remove gag clauses and urge the Senate to act. #AmericanPatientsFirst
Immediately after Comey’s firing Peter Strzok texted to his lover Lisa Page “We need to Open the case we’ve been waiting on now while Andy (McCabe also fired) is acting. Page answered “We need to lock in (redacted). In a formal chargeable way. Soon.” Wow a conspiracy caught?
“Lisa Page Testimony- NO EVIDENCE OF COLLUSION BEFORE MUELLER APPOINTMENT.” @FoxNews by Catherine Herridge. Therefore the case should never have been allowed to be brought. It is a totally illegal Witch Hunt!
Our Steel Industry is the talk of the World. It has been given new life and is thriving. Billions of Dollars is being spent on new plants all around the country!
Tariffs have put the U.S. in a very strong bargaining position with Billions of Dollars and Jobs flowing into our Country - and yet cost increases have thus far been almost unnoticeable. If countries will not make fair deals with us they will be “Tariffed!”
“A lot of small &amp; medium size enterprises are registering very good profit sometimes record profits-there stocks are doing very well low income workers are getting big raises. There are an awful lot of good things going on that weren’t during Pres. Obama’s Watch.” Peter Morici
RT @fema: Rain from #Florence these next few days will cause flooding in many parts of the Carolinas. Expect flash flooding at any time and…
RT @DHSgov: If you see something tell local authorities who or what you saw; when you saw it; where it occurred; and why it's suspicious.…
RT @CBPFlorida: ????@CBP personnel and assets are in place responding with @fema. Aircrews and teams???? from across the country are staging at…
RT @Edison_Electric: While customers may not see electric company personnel in their neighborhoods the energy grid is heavily interconnect…
RT @femaregion4: Listen to your local officials and only return when they say it is safe to do so. #Florence #FlorenceNC https://t.co/5nFHB…
RT @uscgmidatlantic: #USCG crews have coordinated the rescue of 57 people and 8 pets so far! #hurricaneFlorence https://t.co/YsfJXPFbwU
RT @USCG: We know how much you love your pets and want to keep them safe from flooding. ?? #HurricaneFlorence#Florencehttps://t.co/kfzNsx1…
RT @SecNielsen: Just finished briefing @POTUS @VP @WhiteHouse homeland security team on Hurricane #Florence w @FEMA_Brock. The entire fed…
RT @scdhec: Protect yourself and your family. Don't use a portable generator grill camp stove or improperly vented heater indoors. It ca…
RT @CDCgov: Power outage after the storm? DON’T run a generator motor vehicle or any gasoline-powered engine less than 20 feet from an ope…
RT @NCDOT: This is the type of flooding much of our state is encountering. Travel is not safe if not impassable! Help us keep limited rout…
RT @fema: Our Urban Search &amp; Rescue teams along with @USCG &amp; @NationalGuard have been supporting local responders for #Florence water res…
RT @SecNielsen: I will be traveling to #NorthCarolina tomorrow to meet with state and local leadership responding to #Florence and to ensu…
RT @DeptofDefense: #Pets are family too. ?? @SCNationalGuard #soldiers conduct ongoing rescue and recovery efforts to help those affected b…
RT @Norad_Northcom: "I would like to highlight the incredible work that is being done by the state &amp; local first responders. We are posture…
RT @SCNationalGuard: #SCGuard Soldiers w/4-118 Combined Arms Battalion conducted high water rescue &amp;  evacuation in Chesterfield County S.C…
RT @FEMAespanol: #Florence sigue causando inundaciones repentinas y tornados. Manténgase seguro y asegúrese de recibir actualizaciones por…
RT @FEMAespanol: Por favor comparta este mensaje de seguridad y exhorte a todos estar pendientes a las predicciones del clima. #Florence co…
Consumer Sentiment hit its highest level in 17 years this year. Sentiment fell 11% in 2015 an Obama year and rose 16% since the Election #TrumpTime!
Best economic numbers in decades. If the Democrats take control kiss your newfound wealth goodbye!
Watch @MariaBartiromo at 6:00 P.M. on @FoxBusiness. Russian Hoax the big topic! Mainstream Media often referred to as the Fake News Media hates to discuss the real facts!
Congratulations to all of our Mexican friends on National Independence Day. We will be doing great things together!
RT @FoxNews: .@DevinNunes: “I think full transparency is in order here.” #SundayFutures @MariaBartiromo https://t.co/RmjFNRysWN
Just watched Sunday Morning Futures with @MariaBartiromo on @FoxNews. This show is MANDATORY watching if you want to understand the massive governmental corruption and the Russian Hoax. It will be rebroadcast this evening at 6:00 P.M. on @FoxBusiness. A must see!
FEMA First Responders and Law Enforcement are working really hard on hurricane Florence. As the storm begins to finally recede they will kick into an even higher gear. Very Professional!
The illegal Mueller Witch Hunt continues in search of a crime. There was never Collusion with Russia except by the Clinton campaign so the 17 Angry Democrats are looking at anything they can find. Very unfair and BAD for the country. ALSO not allowed under the LAW!
Exclusive -- Donald Trump Jr. to Obama: My Dad Fixed the Economy You Could Not https://t.co/HXuSBGFmf2 via @BreitbartNews
RT @fema: ?? “Hurricane Florence Response” Disaster response requires teamwork and coordination at all levels. Check out the incredible t…
Five deaths have been recorded thus far with regard to hurricane Florence! Deepest sympathies and warmth go out to the families and friends of the victims. May God be with them!
When will Republican leadership learn that they are being played like a fiddle by the Democrats on Border Security and Building the Wall? Without Borders we don’t have a country. With Open Borders which the Democrats want we have nothing but crime! Finish the Wall!
While my (our) poll numbers are good with the Economy being the best ever if it weren’t for the Rigged Russian Witch Hunt they would be 25 points higher! Highly conflicted Bob Mueller &amp; the 17 Angry Democrats are using this Phony issue to hurt us in the Midterms. No Collusion!
.@DannyTarkanian of Nevada is a great friend who supports the Trump Agenda. He is Strong on Crime the Border and our under siege 2nd Amendment. Danny Loves our Military and our Vets. He has my total and complete Endorsement!
Congressman Keith Rothfus continues to do a great job for the people of Pennsylvania. Keith is strong on Crime the Border and our Second Amendment. Loves our Military and our Vets. He has my total Endorsement!
Congressman Pete Sessions of Texas is doing a great job. He is a fighter who will be tough on Crime and the Border fight hard for our Second Amendment and loves our Military and our Vets. He has my full and complete Endorsement!
Thank you Brock – it is my honor!“We (@FEMA) have never had the support that we have had from this President.” Administrator @FEMA_Brock
RT @NCEmergency: New Evacuation Orders are in place. Go to https://t.co/Yx3twhyOqj to see if you are in an area with a mandatory or volunte…
Thank you @nycemergencymgt! https://t.co/8jR4DLm99t
When President Obama said that he has been to “57 States” very little mention in Fake News Media. Can you imagine if I said that...story of the year! @IngrahamAngle
....GWU Research to tell them how many people had died in Puerto Rico (how would they not know this?). This method was never done with previous hurricanes because other jurisdictions know how many people were killed. FIFTY TIMES LAST ORIGINAL NUMBER - NO WAY!
“When Trump visited the island territory last October OFFICIALS told him in a briefing 16 PEOPLE had died from Maria.” The Washington Post. This was long AFTER the hurricane took place. Over many months it went to 64 PEOPLE. Then like magic “3000 PEOPLE KILLED.” They hired....
Great job FEMA First Responders and Law Enforcement - not easy very dangerous tremendous talent. America is proud of you. Keep it all going - finish strong!
My thoughts and prayers are with Evelyn Rodriguez this evening along with her family and friends. #RIPEvelyn https://t.co/wMwxRdjBHM
“The story of Puerto Rico is the rebuilding that has occurred. The President has done an extraordinary job of cleanup rebuilding electrical stuff and everything else.”  @EdRollins   “The people of Puerto Rico have one of the most corrupt governments in our country.” @LouDobbs
“They say all these people died in the storm in Puerto Rico yet 70% of the power was out before the storm. So when did people start dying? At what point do you recognize that what they are doing is a political agenda couched in the nice language of journalism?”  @GeraldoRivera
Keep up the great work - THANK YOU! https://t.co/qCKts6CfN4
RT @fema: Over 1150 @FEMA Urban Search and Rescue personnel are integrated with state &amp; local teams in NC SC &amp; VA to help with rescues a…
We love the #CajunNavy - THANK YOU! #FlorenceHurricane2018 https://t.co/RuP55jWX8e
RT @NOAASatellites: #GOESEast captured these two dramatic views of #HurricaneFlorence shortly after the storm made landfall near Wrightsvil…
RT @DeptofDefense: More than 7000 #ServiceMembers @USNationalGuard and #ActiveDuty are standing by to assist as #HurricaneFlorence hits…
RT @NCEmergency: Use these resources to get help or more info. For emergencies call 911. To receive info on shelters evacuations &amp; storm…
RT @NCEmergency: #FlorenceNC safety tips:- STAY INDOORS. Do not venture out during the storm.- Do NOT drive or walk through stagnant or m…
RT @NHC_Atlantic: NEW: #Hurricane #Florence has made landfall near Wrightsville Beach North Carolina at 7:15 AM EDT (1115 UTC) with estima…
Incredible job being done by FEMA First Responders Law Enforcement and all. Thank you!
RT @USNationalGuard: Today nearly 3000 National Guard members from Guam Hawaii Maryland North Carolina South Carolina and Virginia ar…
RT @fema: We have created a rumor control page for Hurricane #Florence that will be updated regularly. During disasters it’s critical to a…
RT @FEMAespanol: Hoy es el último día para desalojar. Si está en la ruta de #Florence escuche a las autoridades locales para órdenes de de…
RT @RedCross: We are on the ground helping prepare for #HurricaneFlorence. More than 1600 people spent last night in 36 Red Cross and comm…
RT @HHSGov: If you're ordered to evacuate ahead of #HurricaneFlorence: ?? Take only essential items ?? Turn off the gas electricity an…
RT @fema: If you're in a mandatory evacuation zone for #Florence your window of time to leave is closing rapidly. Here are the zones for S…
RT @NHC_Atlantic: Do not focus on the wind speed category of #Hurricane #Florence!  Life-threatening storm surge flooding catastrophic fla…
RT @RedCross: More than 1500 Red Cross disaster workers are helping #HurricaneFlorence relief efforts. Some 80 emergency response vehicles…
RT @DHSgov: For those in the path of Hurricane #Florence make sure you have downloaded your states (SC NC VA) official emergency app + t…
RT @DHSgov: North CarolinaiTunes: https://t.co/ikyhB27ZO8Google Play: https://t.co/qfFgjM7C03VirginiaiTunes: https://t.co/Eu4YVGqFshG…
RT @SCEMD: 6 inches of moving water can knock an adult off their feet. STAY AWAY from moving water! #FloodSafety #Florence #HurricaneFloren…
RT @SCEMD: As #HurricaneFlorence begins to affect #SC residents who were unable to evacuate should stay indoors during the #hurricane &amp; aw…
RT @VDEM: For travel information call 5-1-1 or follow local VDOT social media accounts. To find out how Hurricane Florence impacts your are…
RT @NCDOT: We cannot share this enough: In case of flooding MOVE TO HIGHER GROUND. And DO NOT DRIVE into standing or flooded water. If you…
RT @fema: Stay safe and shelter away from windows on the lowest floor that’s not subject to flooding. If you get trapped in a flooded build…
Gina is Great! https://t.co/TyLQ2W42y5
John Kerry had illegal meetings with the very hostile Iranian Regime which can only serve to undercut our great work to the detriment of the American people. He told them to wait out the Trump Administration! Was he registered under the Foreign Agents Registration Act? BAD!
RT @LouDobbs: #FakeNews- The Hurricane Maria death tolls have been inflated &amp; President @realDonaldTrump was right to call out organization…
RT @NWS: Important note as #Florence continues to close in on the Carolina coastline storm surge is not just an "ocean" problem tonight. S…
RT @DanScavino: Jamie Dimon loves President Trump. If he were to run in 2020 he’d have a ZERO percent chance. ¯\_(?)_/¯ https://t.co/R5d63…
Senator Debbie Stabenow and the Democrats are totally against approving the Farm Bill. They are fighting tooth and nail to not allow our Great Farmers to get what they so richly deserve. Work requirements are imperative and the Dems are a NO. Not good!
Thank you @USNationalGuard! #HurricaneFlorence https://t.co/4xWFr1jz9I
I was just briefed on Hurricane Florence. FEMA First Responders and Law Enforcement are supplied and ready. We are with you! https://t.co/mP7icn0Yzl https://t.co/a8KQ0lcoSD
Thank you @USCG! https://t.co/PqddsoZg2I
The Wall Street Journal has it wrong we are under no pressure to make a deal with China they are under pressure to make a deal with us. Our markets are surging theirs are collapsing. We will soon be taking in Billions in Tariffs &amp; making products at home. If we meet we meet?
RT @fema: Storm surge is deadly. Anyone in an evacuation zone in the Carolinas and Virginia must leave NOW if they haven't yet. #Florence h…
.....This was done by the Democrats in order to make me look as bad as possible when I was successfully raising Billions of Dollars to help rebuild Puerto Rico. If a person died for any reason like old age just add them onto the list. Bad politics. I love Puerto Rico!
3000 people did not die in the two hurricanes that hit Puerto Rico. When I left the Island AFTER the storm had hit they had anywhere from 6 to 18 deaths. As time went by it did not go up by much. Then a long time later they started to report really large numbers like 3000...
“Middle-Class Income Hits All-Time High!” @foxandfriends  And will continue to rise (unless the Dems get in and destroy what we have built).
RT @realDonaldTrump: “I can say as it relates to the Senate Intelligence Committee Investigation that we have NO hard evidence of Collusi…
RT @realDonaldTrump: “President Trump would need a magic wand to get to 4% GDP” stated President Obama. I guess I have a magic wand 4.2%…
RT @realDonaldTrump: https://t.co/Vh47XjGzpt
RT @realDonaldTrump: “We have found nothing to show collusion between President Trump &amp; Russia absolutely zero but every day we get more…
.....”It is a cesspool of corruption and the people who did this need to be brought to justice.”  @GreggJarrett
More text messages between former FBI employees Peter Strzok and Lisa Page are a disaster and embarrassment to the FBI &amp; DOJ. This should never have happened but we are learning more and more by the hour. “Others were leaking like mad” in order to get the President! ........
We are completely ready for hurricane Florence as the storm gets even larger and more powerful. Be careful!
The problem with banker Jamie Dimon running for President is that he doesn’t have the aptitude or “smarts” &amp; is a poor public speaker &amp; nervous mess - otherwise he is wonderful. I’ve made a lot of bankers and others look much smarter than they are with my great economic policy!
Tonight it was my great honor to host a Congressional Medal of Honor Society Reception at the @WhiteHouse! https://t.co/75JQiVtnUT
#HurricaneFlorence https://t.co/mP7icn0Yzl https://t.co/jOdKT02rbH
It is imperative that everyone follow local evacuation orders. This storm is extremely dangerous. Be SAFE! #HurricaneFlorence https://t.co/94Ue4e26PD https://t.co/KvF54CwomW
“I can say as it relates to the Senate Intelligence Committee Investigation that we have NO hard evidence of Collusion.”  Richard Burr (R-NC) Senate Intelligence Committee Chairman
Hurricane Florence may now be dipping a bit south and hitting a portion of the Great State of Georgia. Be ready be prepared!
https://t.co/54YVC4DDfe
Hurricane Florence is looking even bigger than anticipated. It will be arriving soon. FEMA First Responders and Law Enforcement are supplied and ready. Be safe!
We got A Pluses for our recent hurricane work in Texas and Florida (and did an unappreciated great job in Puerto Rico even though an inaccessible island with very poor electricity and a totally incompetent Mayor of San Juan). We are ready for the big one that is coming!
“The President has absolutely demonstrated no wrongdoing whatsoever &amp; that the Special Counsel has no evidence of any wrongdoing. In other words it’s time to end this Witch Hunt.” @LouDobbs   Russian “collusion” was just an excuse by the Democrats for having lost the Election!
Crazy Maxine Waters: “After we impeach Trump we’ll go after Mike Pence. We’ll get him.”  @FoxNews  Where are the Democrats coming from? The best Economy in the history of our country would totally collapse if they ever took control!
....giving the information and causing the appointment of a Special C without having the courage of his own convictions.....”  Alan Dershowitz   @TuckerCarlson   In other words the whole thing was illegally and very unfairly set up?
“You know who’s at fault for this more than anyone else Comey because he leaked information and laundered it through a professor at Columbia Law School. Shame on that professor and shame on Comey. He snuck the information to a law professor who collaborated with him in........
#NeverForget #September11th https://t.co/POd8D1WfBa
RT @WhiteHouse: .@realDonaldTrump and @FLOTUS visited the Flight 93 National Memorial in Pennsylvania this morning to honor the memories of…
The safety of American people is my absolute highest priority. Heed the directions of your State and Local Officials. Please be prepared be careful and be SAFE! https://t.co/YP7ssITwW9 https://t.co/LZIUCgdPTH
Small Business Optimism Soars to Highest Level Ever | Breitbart https://t.co/T6rFhfPz6n via @BreitbartNews
#NeverForget #September11th https://t.co/l8WZer3UOL
17 years since September 11th!
Departing Washington D.C. to attend a Flight 93 September 11th Memorial Service in Shanksville Pennsylvania with Melania. #NeverForget https://t.co/O2sFUeRqeb
Rudy Giuliani did a GREAT job as Mayor of NYC during the period of September 11th. His leadership bravery and skill must never be forgotten. Rudy is a TRUE WARRIOR!
“ERIC Holder could be running the Justice Department right now and it would be behaving no differently than it is.” @LouDobbs
New Strzok-Page texts reveal “Media Leak Strategy.”  @FoxNews  So terrible and NOTHING is being done at DOJ or FBI - but the world is watching and they get it completely.
#NeverForget  #September11th https://t.co/ExGrrVtrEf
“We have found nothing to show collusion between President Trump &amp; Russia absolutely zero but every day we get more documentation showing collusion between the FBI &amp; DOJ the Hillary campaign foreign spies &amp; Russians incredible.” @SaraCarterDC @LouDobbs
https://t.co/Vh47XjGzpt
Just had calls with South Carolina Governor Henry McMaster North Carolina Governor Roy Cooper and Virginia Governor Ralph Northam regarding the incoming storm. Federal Government stands by ready to assist 24/7.
My people just informed me that this is one of the worst storms to hit the East Coast in many years. Also looking like a direct hit on North Carolina South Carolina and Virginia. Please be prepared be careful and be SAFE!
Was just briefed via phone by @DHSgov @SecNielsen and @FEMA @FEMA_Brock along with @VP Mike Pence and Chief of Staff John Kelly on incoming storm which is very dangerous. Heed the directions of your State and Local Officials - and know that WE are here for you. Be SAFE! https://t.co/sN8D5NvrBa
Chuck Schumer is holding up 320 appointments (Ambassadors Executives etc.) of great people who have left jobs and given up so much in order to come into Government. Schumer and the Democrats continue to OBSTRUCT!
To the incredible citizens of North Carolina South Carolina and the entire East Coast - the storm looks very bad! Please take all necessary precautions. We have already began mobilizing our assets to respond accordingly and we are here for you! https://t.co/g74cyD6b6K
The Storms in the Atlantic are very dangerous. We encourage anyone in the path of these storms to prepare themselves and to heed the warnings of State and Local officials. The Federal Government is closely monitoring and ready to assist. We are with you!
“President Trump would need a magic wand to get to 4% GDP” stated President Obama. I guess I have a magic wand 4.2% and we will do MUCH better than this! We have just begun.
The Economy is soooo good perhaps the best in our country’s history (remember it’s the economy stupid!) that the Democrats are flailing &amp; lying like CRAZY! Phony books articles and T.V. “hits” like no other pol has had to endure-and they are losing big. Very dishonest people!
“It is mostly anonymous sources in here why should anyone trust you? General Mattis General Kelly said it’s not true.” @SavannahGuthrie  @TODAYshow  Bob Woodward is a liar who is like a Dem operative prior to the Midterms. He was caught cold even by NBC.
RT @realDonaldTrump: The Woodward book is a scam. I don’t talk the way I am quoted. If I did I would not have been elected President. These…
RT @realDonaldTrump: “Trump has set Economic Growth on fire. During his time in office the economy has achieved feats most experts thought…
RT @The_Trump_Train: @realDonaldTrump STAND FOR THE NATIONAL ANTHEM! https://t.co/oHk86YNi0v
RT @trueamerica1st: Thank you @realDonaldTrump https://t.co/fpFwNqw5id
RT @trueamerica1st: Thank god for Trump! https://t.co/bnPaMHW3tB
RT @trueamerica1st: Welcome to 2018 NFL https://t.co/K6YJEc1IXi
RT @trueamerica1st: https://t.co/po1LaCbWg1
“I’m taking this book with a grain of salt &amp; everyone should do the same. Multiple sources but almost every one of them has come out and discredited the claims made by Woodward. You cannot take this book too seriously.” Katelyn Caralle Washington Examiner
The White House is a “smooth running machine.” We are making some of the biggest and most important deals in our country’s history - with many more to come! The Dems are going crazy!
The White House is running beautifully. We are making some of the greatest and most important deals in our countries history - with many more to come. Big progress!
The Woodward book is a Joke - just another assault against me in a barrage of assaults using now disproven unnamed and anonymous sources. Many have already come forward to say the quotes by them like the book are fiction. Dems can’t stand losing. I’ll write the real book!
If the Democrats had won the Election in 2016 GDP which was about 1% and going down would have been minus 4% instead of up 4.2%. I opened up our beautiful economic engine with Regulation and Tax Cuts. Our system was choking and would have been made worse. Still plenty to do!
The GDP Rate (4.2%) is higher than the Unemployment Rate (3.9%) for the first time in over 100 years!
Melania and I wish all Jewish people Shana Tova and send our warmest greetings to those celebrating Rosh Hashanah and the start of the High Holy Days... https://t.co/uMrHHX5il0
...its commitment to denuclearize.” @FoxNews  This is a big and very positive statement from North Korea. Thank you To Chairman Kim. We will both prove everyone wrong! There is nothing like good dialogue from two people that like each other! Much better than before I took office.
North Korea has just staged their parade celebrating 70th anniversary of founding without the customary display of nuclear missiles. Theme was peace and economic development. “Experts believe that North Korea cut out the nuclear missiles to show President Trump......
Wow NFL first game ratings are way down over an already really bad last year comparison. Viewership declined 13% the lowest in over a decade. If the players stood proudly for our Flag and Anthem and it is all shown on broadcast maybe ratings could come back? Otherwise worse!
“Trump has set Economic Growth on fire. During his time in office the economy has achieved feats most experts thought impossible. GDP is growing at a 3 percent-plus rate. The unemployment rate is near a 50 year low.” CNBC...Also the Stock Market is up almost 50% since Election!
If the U.S. sells a car into China there is a tax of 25%. If China sells a car into the U.S. there is a tax of 2%. Does anybody think that is FAIR? The days of the U.S. being ripped-off by other nations is OVER!
“Ford has abruptly killed a plan to sell a Chinese-made small vehicle in the U.S. because of the prospect of higher U.S. Tariffs.” CNBC.  This is just the beginning. This car can now be BUILT IN THE U.S.A. and Ford will pay no tariffs!
“Barack Obama talked a lot about hope but Donald Trump delivered the American Dream. All the economic indicators what’s happening overseas Donald Trump has proven to be far more successful than Barack Obama. President Trump is delivering the American Dream.” Jason Chaffetz
RT @realDonaldTrump: So true! “Mr. Trump remains the single most popular figure in the Republican Party whose fealty has helped buoy candi…
RT @DanScavino: https://t.co/VznqrCTR0C
RT @realDonaldTrump: Happy Anniversary! #ProudDeplorable https://t.co/iHyeu5a8DD
“Barrack Obama talked a lot about hope but Donald Trump delivered the American Dream. All the economic indicators what’s happening overseas Donald Trump has proven to be far more successful than Barrack Obama. President Trump is delivering the American Dream.” Jason Chaffetz
Happy Anniversary! #ProudDeplorable https://t.co/iHyeu5a8DD
RT @thejtlewis: @realDonaldTrump President Trump will win in 2020 in an even BIGGER landslide than 2016! You are the greatest President EVE…
So nice thank you both! https://t.co/IAskDJIILo
The Dems have tried every trick in the playbook-call me everything under the sun. But if I’m all of those terrible things how come I beat them so badly 306-223? Maybe they’re just not very good! The fact is they are going CRAZY only because they know they can’t beat me in 2020!
Republicans are doing really well with the Senate Midterms. Races that we were not even thinking about winning are now very close or even leading. Election night will be very interesting indeed!
Our Social Media (and beyond) Stars @DiamondandSilk are terrific people who are doing really well. We are all very proud of them and their great success!
So true! “Mr. Trump remains the single most popular figure in the Republican Party whose fealty has helped buoy candidates in competitive Republican primaries and remains a hot commodity among general election candidates.”  Nicholas Fandos @nytimes
Apple prices may increase because of the massive Tariffs we may be imposing on China - but there is an easy solution where there would be ZERO tax and indeed a tax incentive. Make your products in the United States instead of China. Start building new plants now. Exciting! #MAGA
We are breaking all Jobs and Economic Records but importantly our Country has TREMENDOUS FUTURE POTENTIAL. We have just begun!
“To this point President Trump’s achievements are unprecedented.”  @LouDobbs
Dave Hughes is running for Congress in the Great State of Minnesota. He will help us accomplish our America First policies is strong on Crime the Border our 2nd Amendmen Trade Military and Vets. Running against Pelosi Liberal Puppet Petterson. Dave has my Total Endorsement!
RT @ericbolling: Watching @BarackObama take credit for @realDonaldTrump successes is disgraceful.Score So Far-TRUMP:-Unemployment Rate…
RT @RichardGrenell: fact check: @realDonaldTrump kicked the Nazi out of NYC after 14 years and multiple Presidents allowed him to stay. htt…
RT @CalebJHull: “I complained plenty about Fox News but I never threatened to shut them down.”It’s probably a good time to remind you th…
RT @Scavino45: .@larry_kudlow: “Job gains wage growth show Trump's economic boom continues” https://t.co/raDjFB3zrW
14 days for $28 MILLION - $2 MILLION a day No Collusion. A great day for America!
“Unprecedented Jobs Growth Streak Continues as Wages Rise” https://t.co/Mk0WSyjdOe
Under our horrible immigration laws the Government is frequently blocked from deporting criminal aliens with violent felony convictions. House GOP just passed a bill to increase our ability to deport violent felons (Crazy Dems opposed). Need to get this bill to my desk fast!
The Woodward book is a scam. I don’t talk the way I am quoted. If I did I would not have been elected President. These quotes were made up. The author uses every trick in the book to demean and belittle. I wish the people could see the real facts - and our country is doing GREAT!
Matt Rosendale will be a Great Senator from a Great State Montana! He is a fighter who will be tough on Crime and the Border fight hard for our 2nd Amendment and loves our Military and our Vets. He has my full and complete Endorsement!
What was Nike thinking?
Thank you Montana I love you! https://t.co/9J4Xv2PoNw
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! https://t.co/RPOYiqsHHH
Getting ready to go on stage for Matt Rosendale who will be a great Senator. Jon Tester has let the people of Montana down &amp; does not deserve another six years. Matt is strong on Crime the Borders &amp; will save your Second Amendment from the onslaught. Loves our Military &amp; Vets!
Landing in Montana now to support Matt Rosendale for U.S. Senate! #MAGA https://t.co/0MIEyWxMbW
Are the investigative “journalists” of the New York Times going to investigate themselves - who is the anonymous letter writer?
Look forward to seeing everyone in Montana tonight! #MAGA https://t.co/fyHduA2Peo
“The record is quite remarkable. The President has faithfully followed the agenda he campaigned on in 2016. People should focus on the results and they’re extraordinary!”  James Freeman - Wall Street Journal
Cosumer confidence highest in 18 years Atlanta Fed forecasts 4.7 GDP manufacturing jobs highest in many years. “It’s the story of the Trump Administration the Economic Success that’s unnerving his detractors.” @MariaBartiromo
The Deep State and the Left and their vehicle the Fake News Media are going Crazy - &amp; they don’t know what to do. The Economy is booming like never before Jobs are at Historic Highs soon TWO Supreme Court Justices &amp; maybe Declassification to find Additional Corruption. Wow!
Kim Jong Un of North Korea proclaims “unwavering faith in President Trump.” Thank you to Chairman Kim. We will get it done together!
I’m draining the Swamp and the Swamp is trying to fight back. Don’t worry we will win!
Does the so-called “Senior Administration Official” really exist or is it just the Failing New York Times with another phony source? If the GUTLESS anonymous person does indeed exist the Times must for National Security purposes turn him/her over to government at once!
TREASON?
The Failing New York Times! https://t.co/SHsXvYKpBf
Today it was my honor to welcome the Amir of Kuwait to the @WhiteHouse! https://t.co/b5iqsajpOj https://t.co/8wtucJrtEl
Join me tomorrow night at 7:00pm MDT in Billings Montana for a MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN RALLY! Get your tickets here: https://t.co/fyHduA2Peo
Thank you General Mattis book is boring &amp; untrue! https://t.co/Bq79ZjF3Dk
Thank you General Kelly book is total fiction! https://t.co/J5iUONhRin
Just like the NFL whose ratings have gone WAY DOWN Nike is getting absolutely killed with anger and boycotts. I wonder if they had any idea that it would be this way? As far as the NFL is concerned I just find it hard to watch and always will until they stand for the FLAG!
The Trump Economy is booming with help of House and Senate GOP. #FarmBill with SNAP work  requirements will bolster farmers and get America back to work. Pass the Farm Bill with SNAP work requirements!
Almost everyone agrees that my Administration has done more in less than two years than any other Administration in the history of our Country. I’m tough as hell on people &amp; if I weren’t nothing would get done. Also I question everybody &amp; everything-which is why I got elected!
Isn’t it a shame that someone can write an article or book totally make up stories and form a picture of a person that is literally the exact opposite of the fact and get away with it without retribution or cost. Don’t know why Washington politicians don’t change libel laws?
“Secretary Mattis Nukes Woodward Allegations” https://t.co/H5bPjsVXNb
Jim Mattis Calls Woodward Book 'Fiction': 'Product of Someone's Rich Imagination' https://t.co/HGMDiH98nx via @BreitbartNews
The already discredited Woodward book so many lies and phony sources has me calling Jeff Sessions “mentally retarded” and “a dumb southerner.” I said NEITHER never used those terms on anyone including Jeff and being a southerner is a GREAT thing. He made this up to divide!
Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd of Fake NBC News said it’s time for the Press to stop complaining and to start fighting back. Actually Chuck they’ve been doing that from the day I announced for President. They’ve gone all out and I WON and now they’re going CRAZY!
The Woodward book has already been refuted and discredited by General (Secretary of Defense) James Mattis and General (Chief of Staff) John Kelly. Their quotes were made up frauds a con on the public. Likewise other stories and quotes. Woodward is a Dem operative? Notice timing?
Statement from White House @PressSec Sarah Sanders: https://t.co/mE73HSi6Rl
Statement from White House Chief of Staff General John Kelly: https://t.co/LUN8cDr3N5
Statement from Secretary of Defense James Mattis: https://t.co/OneaxKCneV
“Judge Brett Kavanaugh is an Exceptionally Qualified and Deserving Nominee for the Supreme Court” https://t.co/nD5XZo9yIm
Paul Cook is a decorated Marine Corps Veteran who loves and supports our Military and Vets. He is Strong on Crime the Border and supported Tax Cuts for the people of California. Paul has my total and complete Endorsement!
“Pledge to America’s Workers” https://t.co/wbGZU6oi9G
....looking to inflict pain and embarrassment to one of the most highly renowned jurists to ever appear before Congress. So sad to see!
The Brett Kavanaugh hearings for the future Justice of the Supreme Court are truly a display of how mean angry and despicable the other side is. They will say anything and are only....
Jon Kyl will be an extraordinary Senator representing an extraordinary state Arizona. I look forward to working with him!
Everyone in the path of #Gordon please heed the advice of State and local officials and follow @NHC_Atlantic for updates. The Federal Government stands ready to assist. Be safe! https://t.co/sJiL4wnQID
NBC FAKE NEWS which is under intense scrutiny over their killing the Harvey Weinstein story is now fumbling around making excuses for their probably highly unethical conduct. I have long criticized NBC and their journalistic standards-worse than even CNN. Look at their license?
President Bashar al-Assad of Syria must not recklessly attack Idlib Province. The Russians and Iranians would be making a grave humanitarian mistake to take part in this potential human tragedy. Hundreds of thousands of people could be killed. Don’t let that happen!
According to the Failing New York Times the FBI started a major effort to flip Putin loyalists in 2014-2016. “It wasn’t about Trump he wasn’t even close to a candidate yet.”  Rigged Witch Hunt!
I see that John Kerry the father of the now terminated Iran deal is thinking of running for President. I should only be so lucky - although the field that is currently assembling looks really good - FOR ME!
....The Democrats none of whom voted for Jeff Sessions must love him now. Same thing with Lyin’ James Comey. The Dems all hated him wanted him out thought he was disgusting - UNTIL I FIRED HIM! Immediately he became a wonderful man a saint like figure in fact. Really sick!
Two long running Obama era investigations of  two very popular Republican Congressmen were brought to a well publicized charge just ahead of the Mid-Terms by the Jeff Sessions Justice Department. Two easy wins now in doubt because there is not enough time. Good job Jeff......
RT @IvankaTrump: Today on #LaborDay let’s also recognize the amazing stay-at-home parents across America who seldom receive the credit t…
RT @WhiteHouse: In July President Trump announced the Pledge to America's Workers. In little more than a month since MILLIONS of new oppo…
The U.S. is respected again! https://t.co/NtQ4vsoqnk
Richard Trumka the head of the AFL-CIO represented his union poorly on television this weekend. Some of the things he said were so against the working men and women of our country and the success of the U.S. itself that it is easy to see why unions are doing so poorly. A Dem!
The Worker in America is doing better than ever before. Celebrate Labor Day!
Happy Labor Day! Our country is doing better than ever before with unemployment setting record lows. The U.S. has tremendous upside potential as we go about fixing some of the worst Trade Deals ever made by any country in the world. Big progress being made!
Richard Trumka the head of the AFL-CIO represented his union poorly on television this weekend. Some of the things he said were so againt the working men and women of our country and the success of the U.S. itself that it is easy to see why unions are doing so poorly. A Dem!
RT @CoreyStewartVA: In the U.S. Senate I'll be working WITH @realDonaldTrump on his #MAGA agenda -- and that includes having the backs of A…
RT @CoreyStewartVA: About 200000 #Virginia residents are federal workers; as I travel the state this #LaborDay weekend Virginians are say…
RT @SecPompeo: On behalf of the American people special thank you to @Commander_RS GEN Nicholson for his 2+ years of service leading @NATO…
RT @realDonaldTrump: .@Rasmussen_Poll just came out at 48% approval rate despite the constant and intense Fake News. Higher than Election D…
....The fact is that African/American unemployment is now the lowest in the history of our country. Same with Asian Hispanic and almost every other group. The Democrats have been all talk and no action. My Administration has already produced like no other and everyone sees it!
Tiger Woods showed great class in the way he answered the question about the Office of the Presidency and me. Now they say the so-called “left” is angry at him. So sad but the “center &amp; right” loves Tiger Kanye George Foreman Jim Brown &amp; so many other greats even more.......
RT @CoreyStewartVA: Federal workers endured 8 years of hell under Obama with several rounds of pay freezes and benefit cuts. @realDonald…
RT @realDonaldTrump: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
RT @realDonaldTrump: We shouldn’t have to buy our friends with bad Trade Deals and Free Military Protection!
“There is no possible way the Trump Tower meeting between Don Trump jr and a couple of Russians who have very deep connections to both the Clintons &amp; Fusion GPS &amp; where no information on the Clintons was exchanged is a crime. Dems are blinded by their hatred of Trump.” Bongino
“No information was ever given by the Trump Team to Russia yet the Hillary Clinton campaign paid for information from Kremlin sources and just washed it through an intermediary Christopher Steele.”  Jesse Waters
....positions of power. That’s part of the story of the Russia Hoax. Christopher Steele is on the payroll of Hillary Clinton &amp; the FBI &amp; when they fired him for lying they continued to use him. Violation of FBI regulations. Kept trying to verify the unverifiable.” @GreggJarrett
“There’s no fairness here if you’re a Democrat or a friend of Hillary you get immunity or off scott free. If you’re connected to Donald Trump you get people like Robert Mueller &amp; Andrew Weissman and his team of partisans coming after you with a vengeance and abusing their....
We shouldn’t have to buy our friends with bad Trade Deals and Free Military Protection!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
No Deal! Trade Talks with Canada Conclude for the Week with No Agreement | Breitbart https://t.co/87vi7OqopY via @BreitbartNews
....Remember NAFTA was one of the WORST Trade Deals ever made. The U.S. lost thousands of businesses and millions of jobs. We were far better off before NAFTA - should never have been signed. Even the Vat Tax was not accounted for. We make new deal or go back to pre-NAFTA!
There is no political necessity to keep Canada in the new NAFTA deal. If we don’t make a fair deal for the U.S. after decades of abuse Canada will be out. Congress should not interfere w/ these negotiations or I will simply terminate NAFTA entirely &amp; we will be far better off...
There is no political necessity to keep Canada in the new NAFTA deal. If we don’t make a fair deal for the U.S. after decade of abuse Canada will be out. Congress should not interfere with these negotiations or I will simply terminate NAFTA entirely &amp; we will be far better off..
....Donald Trump and now we find out that there wasn’t even a hearing - that Donald Trump’s 4th Amendment right to privacy was signed away...and someone in there is swearing that this stuff is true when it wasn’t? This is the scandal here - a police state.”  Dan Bongino
“You have a Fake Dossier gathered by Steele paid by the Clinton team to get information on Trump. The Dossier is Fake nothing in it has been verified. It then filters into our American court system in order to spy on Barrack Obama and Hillary Clinton’s political opponent......
....of the DOJ &amp; FBI are completely out to lunch in terms of exposing and holding those accountable who are responsible for that corruption.” @TomFitton @JudicialWatch
Report: There were no FISA hearings held over Spy documents.”It is astonishing that the FISA courts couldn’t hold hearings on Spy Warrants targeting Donald Trump. It isn’t about Carter Page it’s about the Trump Campaign. You’ve got corruption at the DOJ &amp; FBI. The leadership....
I love Canada but they’ve taken advantage of our Country for many years!
“I think today what has happened is that news reporting has become part of the adversary system.” Alan Dershowitz  It has become tainted and corrupt! DJT
Still can’t believe that Bloomberg violated a firm OFF THE RECORD statement. Will they put out an apology?
Great day in North Carolina where Republicans will do very well!
The ABC/Washington Post Poll was by far the least accurate one 2 weeks out from the 2016 Election. I call it a suppression poll - but by Election Day they brought us out of shame to about even. They will never learn!
.@Rasmussen_Poll just came out at 48% approval rate despite the constant and intense Fake News. Higher than Election Day and higher than President Obama. Rasmussen was one of the most accurate Election Day polls!
https://t.co/c79zLeREOA
“President Donald J. Trump is Strengthening Retirement Security for American Workers” https://t.co/cKeATuKXDe
Wow I made OFF THE RECORD COMMENTS to Bloomberg concerning Canada and this powerful understanding was BLATANTLY VIOLATED. Oh well just more dishonest reporting. I am used to it. At least Canada knows where I stand!
I will be doing a major rally for Senator Ted Cruz in October. I’m picking the biggest stadium in Texas we can find. As you know Ted has my complete and total Endorsement. His opponent is a disaster for Texas - weak on Second Amendment Crime Borders Military and Vets!
Thank you Indiana I love you!https://t.co/To6s9ViMj1
Throwback Thursday! #MAGA https://t.co/8slzITa1l6
Kevin Stitt ran a great winning campaign against a very tough opponent in Oklahoma. Kevin is a very successful businessman who will be a fantastic Governor. He is strong on Crime &amp; Borders the 2nd Amendment &amp; loves our Military &amp; Vets. He has my complete and total Endorsement!
CNN is working frantically to find their “source.” Look hard because it doesn’t exist. Whatever was left of CNN’s credibility is now gone!
Will be going to Evansville Indiana tonight for a big crowd rally with Mike Braun a very successful businessman who is campaigning to be Indiana’s next U.S. Senator. He is strong on Crime &amp; Borders the 2nd Amendment and loves our Military &amp; Vets. Will be a big night!
I am very excited about the person who will be taking the place of Don McGahn as White House Counsel! I liked Don but he was NOT responsible for me not firing Bob Mueller or Jeff Sessions. So much Fake Reporting and Fake News!
The Rigged Russia Witch Hunt did not come into play even a little bit with respect to my decision on Don McGahn!
Wow Nellie Ohr Bruce Ohr’s wife is a Russia expert who is fluent in Russian. She worked for Fusion GPS where she was paid a lot. Collusion! Bruce was a boss at the Department of Justice and is unbelievably still there!
I am very excited about the person who will be taking the place of Don McGahn as White House Councel! I liked Don but he was NOT responsible for me not firing Bob Mueller or Jeff Sessions. So much Fake Reporting and Fake News!
The only thing James Comey ever got right was when he said that President Trump was not under investigation!
Ivanka Trump &amp; Jared Kushner had NOTHING to do with the so called “pushing out” of Don McGahn.The Fake News Media has it purposelyso wrong! They love to portray chaos in the White House when they know that chaos doesn’t exist-just a “smooth running machine” with changing parts!
The news from the Financial Markets is even better than anticipated. For all of you that have made a fortune in the markets or seen your 401k’s rise beyond your wildest expectations more good news is coming!
I just cannot state strongly enough how totally dishonest much of the Media is. Truth doesn’t matter to them they only have their hatred &amp; agenda. This includes fake books which come out about me all the time always anonymous sources and are pure fiction. Enemy of the People!
What’s going on at @CNN is happening to different degrees at other networks - with @NBCNews being the worst. The good news is that Andy Lack(y) is about to be fired(?) for incompetence and much worse. When Lester Holt got caught fudging my tape on Russia they were hurt badly!
The hatred and extreme bias of me by @CNN has clouded their thinking and made them unable to function. But actually as I have always said this has been going on for a long time. Little Jeff Z has done a terrible job his ratings suck &amp; AT&amp;T should fire him to save credibility!
Watch: Kanye West Says Trump Wants to Be the ‘Greatest President’ for Black Americans https://t.co/ECxTzVNZeG via @BreitbartNews
...charge of the FISA court. He should direct the Presiding Judge Rosemary Collier to hold a hearing haul all of these people from the DOJ &amp; FBI in there &amp; if she finds there were crimes committed and there were there should be a criminal referral by her....” @GreggJarrett
“Ohr told the FBI it (the Fake Dossier) wasn’t true it was a lie and the FBI was determined to use it anyway to damage Trump and to perpetrate a fraud on the court to spy on the Trump campaign. This is a fraud on the court. The Chief Justice of the U.S. Supreme Court is in......
“Lanny Davis admits being anonymous source in CNN Report.” @BretBaier  Oh well so much for CNN saying it wasn’t Lanny. No wonder their ratings are so low it’s FAKE NEWS!
CNN is being torn apart from within based on their being caught in a major lie and refusing to admit the mistake. Sloppy @carlbernstein a man who lives in the past and thinks like a degenerate fool making up story after story is being laughed at all over the country! Fake News
...of money on joint U.S.-South Korea war games. Besides the President can instantly start the joint exercises again with South Korea and Japan if he so chooses. If he does they will be far bigger than ever before. As for the U.S.–China trade disputes and other...
...differences they will be resolved in time by President Trump and China’s great President Xi Jinping. Their relationship and bond remain very strong.
...considerable aid including money fuel fertilizer and various other commodities. This is not helpful! Nonetheless the President believes that his relationship with Kim Jong Un is a very good and warm one and there is no reason at this time to be spending large amounts...
STATEMENT FROM THE WHITE HOUSEPresident Donald J. Trump feels strongly that North Korea is under tremendous pressure from China because of our major trade disputes with the Chinese Government. At the same time we also know that China is providing North Korea with...
#StopTheBias https://t.co/xqz599iQZw
How the hell is Bruce Ohr still employed at the Justice Department? Disgraceful!  Witch Hunt!
Consumer Confidence Index just out is the HIGHEST IN 18 YEARS! Also GDP revised upward to 4.2 from 4.1. Our country is doing great!
White House Counsel Don McGahn will be leaving his position in the fall shortly after the confirmation (hopefully) of Judge Brett Kavanaugh to the United States Supreme Court. I have worked with Don for a long time and truly appreciate his service!
Martha McSally is an extraordinary woman. She was a very talented fighter jet pilot and is now a highly respected member of Congress. She is Strong on Crime the Border and our  under siege 2nd Amendment. Loves our Military and our Vets. Has my total and complete Endorsement!
When you see “anonymous source” stop reading the story it is fiction!
“Anonymous Sources are really starting to BURN the media.” @FoxNews The fact is that many anonymous sources don’t even exist. They are fiction made up by the Fake News reporters. Look at the lie that Fake CNN is now in. They got caught red handed! Enemy of the People!
Big Election Wins last night! The Republican Party will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Actually it is happening faster than anybody thought possible! It is morphing into KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
“Hillary Clinton and the DNC paid for information from the Russian government to use against her government - there’s no doubt about that!” @TuckerCarlson
“The Obama people did something that’s never been done...They spied on a rival presidential campaign. Would it be OK if Trump did it next? I am losing faith that our system is on the level. I’m beginning to think it is rotten &amp; corrupt. Scary stuff Obama did.” @TuckerCarlson  DOJ
Not only did Congressman Ron DeSantis easily win the Republican Primary but his opponent in November is his biggest dream....a failed Socialist Mayor named Andrew Gillum who has allowed crime &amp; many other problems to flourish in his city. This is not what Florida wants or needs!
Martha McSally running in the Arizona Primary for U.S. Senate was endorsed by rejected Senator Jeff Flake....and turned it down - a first! Now Martha a great U.S. Military fighter jet pilot and highly respected member of Congress WINS BIG. Congratulations and on to November!
Hillary Clinton’s Emails many of which are Classified Information got hacked by China. Next move better be by the FBI &amp; DOJ or after all of their other missteps (Comey McCabe Strzok Page Ohr FISA Dirty Dossier etc.) their credibility will be forever gone!
New Poll - A majority of Americans think that John Brennan and James Comey should have their Security Clearances Revoked. Not surprised! @FoxNews
Our new Trade Deal with Mexico focuses on FARMERS GROWTH for our country tearing down TRADE BARRIERS JOBS and having companies continue to POUR BACK INTO OUR COUNTRY. It will be a big hit!
Add the 2026 World Cup to our long list of accomplishments!
Report just out: “China hacked Hillary Clinton’s private Email Server.” Are they sure it wasn’t Russia (just kidding!)? What are the odds that the FBI and DOJ are right on top of this? Actually a very big story. Much classified information!
Congratulations to Governor Rick Scott of Florida on his conclusive Republican Primary Win. He will be a great Senator!
Such a fantastic win for Ron DeSantis and the people of the Great State of Florida. Ron will be a fantastic Governor. On to November!
https://t.co/H2FiSVxyOF
“Consumer confidence pops in August to highest level since October 2000” https://t.co/1Gg5IOtbNa
....results on “Trump News” are from National Left-Wing Media very dangerous. Google &amp; others are suppressing voices of Conservatives and hiding information and news that is good. They are controlling what we can &amp; cannot see. This is a very serious situation-will be addressed!
Google search results for “Trump News” shows only the viewing/reporting of Fake News Media. In other words they have it RIGGED for me &amp; others so that almost all stories &amp; news is BAD. Fake CNN is prominent. Republican/Conservative &amp; Fair Media is shut out. Illegal? 96% of....
I smile at Senators and others talking about how good free trade is for the U.S. What they don’t say is that we lose Jobs and over 800 Billion Dollars a year on really dumb Trade Deals....and these same countries Tariff us to death. These lawmakers are just fine with this!
NASDAQ has just gone above 8000 for the first time in history!
“President Trump has done more for minority groups in this country than any president in decades.”  @LouDobbs
....results on “Trump News” are from National Left-Wing Media very dangerous. Google &amp; others are suppressing voices of Conservatives and hiding information and news that is good. They are controlling what we can &amp; cannot see. This is a very serious situation-will be addressed!
Google search results for “Trump News” shows only the viewing/reporting of Fake New Media. In other words they have it RIGGED for me &amp; others so that almost all stories &amp; news is BAD. Fake CNN is prominent. Republican/Conservative &amp; Fair Media  is shut out. Illegal?  96% of...
VOTE FOR RON! https://t.co/80NShvQ73u
.@FLOTUS Melania and I were honored to welcome the President of the Republic of Kenya @UKenyatta and Mrs. Margaret Kenyatta to the @WhiteHouse today! https://t.co/ZU5MovNKt8
RT @FLOTUS: It was a pleasure having @FirstLadyKenya at the @WhiteHouse today.  I enjoyed learning about @BeyondZeroKenya &amp; discussing our…
United States-Mexico Trade Agreement: https://t.co/E1AzveYPli https://t.co/ZYbHt1pD8a
Governor Doug Ducey of Arizona is doing a great job. It would be really nice to show your support tomorrow by voting for him in Tuesdays Primary. Doug is strong on Crime the Border and our Second Amendment. Loves our Military &amp; our Vets. He has my full and complete Endorsement.
Congressman Ron DeSantis is a special person who has done an incredible job. He is running in Tuesdays Primary for Governor of Florida….Strong on Crime Borders and wants Low Taxes. He will be a great Governor and has my full and total Endorsement!
Rick Scott of Florida is doing a fantastic job as Governor. Jobs are pouring into the State and its economic health is better than ever before. He is strong on Crime Borders and loves our Military and Vets. Vote for Rick on Tuesday!
A big deal looking good with Mexico!
The Fake News Media worked hard to get Tiger Woods to say something that he didn’t want to say. Tiger wouldn’t play the game - he is very smart. More importantly he is playing great golf again!
Thank you to the great @JimBrownNFL32 perhaps the greatest running back of all time for your wonderful words and support. Since our meeting in New York African-American UNEMPLOYMENT has reached the LOWEST LEVEL IN HISTORY. You get it!
Over 90% approval rating for your all time favorite (I hope) President within the Republican Party and 52% overall. This despite all of the made up stories by the Fake News Media trying endlessly to make me look as bad and evil as possible. Look at the real villains please!
“Mainstream Media tries to rewrite history to credit Obama for Trump accomplishments. Since President Trump took office the economy is booming. The stronger the economy gets the more desperate his critics are. O had weakest recovery since Great Depression.” @WashTimes
Fantastic numbers on consumer spending released on Friday. Stock Market hits all time high!
...And it will get as I have always said much better from even here! https://t.co/El26RzBjpG
RT @realDonaldTrump: Social Media Giants are silencing millions of people. Can’t do this even if it means we must continue to hear Fake New…
RT @realDonaldTrump: Big story out that the FBI ignored tens of thousands of Crooked Hillary Emails many of which are REALLY BAD. Also gav…
RT @realDonaldTrump: ....FISA abuse Christopher Steele &amp; his phony and corrupt Dossier the Clinton Foundation illegal surveillance of Tr…
RT @realDonaldTrump: “Department of Justice will not be improperly influenced by political considerations.” Jeff this is GREAT what every…
My deepest sympathies and respect go out to the family of Senator John McCain. Our hearts and prayers are with you!
Stock Market hit all time high on Friday. Congratulations U.S.A.!
Our relationship with Mexico is getting closer by the hour. Some really good people within both the new and old government and all working closely together....A big Trade Agreement with Mexico could be happening soon!
“The FBI looked at less than 1%” of Crooked’s Emails!
“The FBI only looked at 3000 of 675000 Crooked Hillary Clinton Emails.” They purposely didn’t look at the disasters. This news is just out. @FoxNews
Big story out that the FBI ignored tens of thousands of Crooked Hillary Emails many of which are REALLY BAD. Also gave false election info. I feel sure that we will soon be getting to the bottom of all of this corruption. At some point I may have to get involved!
.@LindseyGrahamSC  “Every President deserves an Attorney General they have confidence in. I believe every President has a right to their Cabinet these are not lifetime appointments. You serve at the pleasure of the President.”
Jeff Sessions said he wouldn’t allow politics to influence him only because he doesn’t understand what is happening underneath his command position. Highly conflicted Bob Mueller and his gang of 17 Angry Dems are having a field day as real corruption goes untouched. No Collusion!
Michaels Cohen’s attorney clarified the record saying his client does not know if President Trump knew about the Trump Tower meeting (out of which came nothing!). The answer is that I did NOT know about the meeting. Just another phony story by the Fake News Media!
Happy birthday Vince you are truly one of the greats! https://t.co/b8zV5MfojY
Great #StateDinner2018 in Ohio tonight! Together we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! https://t.co/ALU1PHEsvh
Great to see the Senate working on solutions to end the secrecy around ridiculously high drug prices something I called for in my drug pricing Blueprint. Will now work with the House to help American patients! #AmericanPatientsFirst
Congratulations to new Australian Prime Minister Scott Morrison. There are no greater friends than the United States and Australia!
I spoke with Governor David Ige of Hawaii today to express our full support for the people of Hawaii as the State is impacted by #HurricaneLane. The Federal Government is fully committed to helping the people of Hawaii. https://t.co/P35yAAovIk
Thank you. I love you Ohio! https://t.co/RQ9Gj0SETz
...Secretary Pompeo looks forward to going to North Korea in the near future most likely after our Trading relationship with China is resolved. In the meantime I would like to send my warmest regards and respect to Chairman Kim. I look forward to seeing him soon!
...Additionally because of our much tougher Trading stance with China I do not believe they are helping with the process of denuclearization as they once were (despite the UN Sanctions which are in place)...
I have asked Secretary of State Mike Pompeo not to go to North Korea at this time because I feel we are not making sufficient progress with respect to the denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula...
https://t.co/0a25gApyJ6
Social Media Giants are silencing millions of people. Can’t do this even if it means we must continue to hear Fake News like CNN whose ratings have suffered gravely. People have to figure out what is real and what is not without censorship!
Ex-NSA contractor to spend 63 months in jail over “classified” information. Gee this is “small potatoes” compared to what Hillary Clinton did! So unfair Jeff Double Standard.
....FISA abuse Christopher Steele &amp; his phony and corrupt Dossier the Clinton Foundation illegal surveillance of Trump Campaign Russian collusion by Dems - and so much more. Open up the papers &amp; documents without redaction? Come on Jeff you can do it the country is waiting!
“Department of Justice will not be improperly influenced by political considerations.” Jeff this is GREAT what everyone wants so look into all of the corruption on the “other side” including deleted Emails Comey lies &amp; leaks Mueller conflicts McCabe Strzok Page Ohr......
Our Economy is setting records on virtually every front - Probably the best our country has ever done. Tremendous value created since the Election. The World is respecting us again! Companies are moving back to the U.S.A.
Target CEO raves about the Economy. “This is the best consumer environment I’ve seen in my career.” A big statement from a top executive. But virtually everybody is saying this &amp; when our Trade Deals are made &amp; cost cutting done you haven’t seen anything yet!  @DRUDGE_REPORT
...And according to Polls would do even better today! https://t.co/NAzQOIFW6o
RT @DanScavino: “2020 odds: @realDonaldTrump favored more than every other challenger combined” via @SecretsBedard @dcexaminer https://t.co…
...Cindy has voted for our Agenda in the Senate 100% of the time and has my complete and total Endorsement. We need Cindy to win in Mississippi!
.@cindyhydesmith has helped me put America First! She’s strong on the Wall is helping me create Jobs loves our Vets and fights for our conservative judges...
I have authorized an emergency disaster declaration to provide Hawaii the necessary support ahead of #HurricaneLane. Our teams are closely coordinating with the state and local authorities. You are in our thoughts! https://t.co/lrhwbdUavj
It was my great honor to host the Foreign Investment Risk Review Modernization Act Roundtable today at the @WhiteHouse! https://t.co/TjtI7ddtZM
https://t.co/6ZG0P6FRs5
https://t.co/6v90Th0zl1
https://t.co/3PAVDdfJJr
NO COLLUSION - RIGGED WITCH HUNT!
I have asked Secretary of State @SecPompeo to closely study the South Africa land and farm seizures and expropriations and the large scale killing of farmers. “South African Government is now seizing land from white farmers.” @TuckerCarlson @FoxNews
I have asked Secretary of State @MikePompeo4USA to closely study the South Africa land and farm seizures and expropriations and the large scale killing of farmers. “South African Government is now seizing land from white farmers.” @TuckerCarlson  @FoxNews
The only thing that I have done wrong is to win an election that was expected to be won by Crooked Hillary Clinton and the Democrats. The problem is they forgot to campaign in numerous states!
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends by @ainsleyearhardt tomorrow from 6:00 A.M. to 9:00 A.M.  Enjoy!
RT @Scavino45: Today President Trump welcomed the family of @usairforce Tech. Sgt. John A. Chapman Medal of Honor recipient to the Oval…
https://t.co/15ibBbf34U
https://t.co/wYCNmkkaNR
Longest bull run in the history of the stock market congratulations America!
https://t.co/mJtO0AFLus
https://t.co/OGqKufBeHn
Everyone in the path of #HurricaneLane please prepare yourselves heed the advice of State and local officials and follow @NWSHonolulu for updates. Be safe! https://t.co/kCwtL8UxNI
Thank you to Democrat Assemblyman Dov Hikind of New York for your very gracious remarks on @foxandfriends for our deporting a longtime resident Nazi back to Germany! Others worked on this for decades.
Michael Cohen plead guilty to two counts of campaign finance violations that are not a crime. President Obama had a big campaign finance violation and it was easily settled!
A large number of counts ten could not even be decided in the Paul Manafort case. Witch Hunt!
I feel very badly for Paul Manafort and his wonderful family. “Justice” took a 12 year old tax case among other things applied tremendous pressure on him and unlike Michael Cohen he refused to “break” - make up stories in order to get a “deal.” Such respect for a brave man!
If anyone is looking for a good lawyer I would strongly suggest that you don’t retain the services of Michael Cohen!
Thank you West Virginia. I love you! https://t.co/K1OQ98wOh4
MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! https://t.co/gZqP81bclE
Just landed in West Virginia. Big crowd looking forward to seeing everyone soon! #MAGA
Join me tonight at the Charleston Civic Center in West Virginia at 7:00pmE! Tickets: https://t.co/OX8gGhdmg9
To the incredible people of the Great State of Wyoming: Go VOTE TODAY for Foster Friess - He will be a fantastic Governor! Strong on Crime Borders &amp; 2nd Amendment. Loves our Military &amp; our Vets. He has my complete and total Endorsement!
Bill DeBlasio the high taxing Mayor of NYC just stole my campaign slogan: PROMISES MADE  PROMISES KEPT! That’s not at all nice. No imagination! @foxandfriends
Big Rally tonight in West Virginia. Patrick Morrisey is running a GREAT race for U.S. Senate. I have done so much for West Virginia against all odds and having Patrick a real fighter by my side would make things so much easier. See you later. CLEAN COAL!!!!
I am sorry to have to reiterate that there are serious and unpleasant consequences to crossing the Border into the United States ILLEGALLY! If there were no serious consequences our country would be overrun with people trying to get in and our system could not handle it!
Fake News of which there is soooo much (this time the very tired New Yorker) falsely reported that I was going to take the extraordinary step of denying Intelligence Briefings to President Obama. Never discussed or thought of!
Even James Clapper has admonished John Brennan for having gone totally off the rails. Maybe Clapper is being nice to me so he doesn’t lose his Security Clearance for lying to Congress!
A Blue Wave means Crime and Open Borders. A Red Wave means Safety and Strength!
I am hearing so many great things about the Republican Party’s California Gubernatorial Candidate John Cox. He is a very successful businessman who is tired of high Taxes &amp; Crime. He will Make California Great Again &amp;  make you proud of your Great State again. Total Endorsement!
Will be going to the Great State of West Virginia on Tuesday Night to campaign &amp; do a Rally Speech for a hard working and spectacular person A.G. Patrick Morrisey who is running for the U.S. Senate. Patrick has great Energy &amp; Stamina-I need his VOTE to MAGA. Total Endorsement!
Just watched former Intelligence Official Phillip Mudd become totally unglued and weird while debating wonderful @PARISDENNARD over Brennan’s Security Clearance. Dennard destroyed him but Mudd is in no mental condition to have such a Clearance. Should be REVOKED? @seanhannity
.@DianeHarkey is an extraordinary woman of great accomplishment &amp; potential. She is running as a very popular Republican for the Congressional seat of my friend Darrell Issa-with his complete support. Diane is strong on crime loves our Military &amp; Vets-has my total Endorsement!
https://t.co/PeF12D2IqJ
It is outrageous that Poisonous Synthetic Heroin Fentanyl comes pouring into the U.S. Postal System from China. We can and must END THIS NOW! The Senate should pass the STOP ACT – and firmly STOP this poison from killing our children and destroying our country. No more delay!
“Bruce Ohr is at the center of FALSE ALLEGATIONS which led to a multi-million dollar investigation into what apparently didn’t happen.” Darrell Issa House Oversight. We can take out the word “apparently.”  @FoxNews
Will Bruce Ohr whose family received big money for helping to create the phony dirty and discredited Dossier ever be fired from the Jeff Sessions  “Justice” Department? A total joke!
Everybody wants to keep their Security Clearance it’s worth great prestige and big dollars even board seats and that is why certain people are coming forward to protect Brennan. It certainly isn’t because of the good job he did! He is a political “hack.”
I hope John Brennan the worst CIA Director in our country’s history brings a lawsuit. It will then be very easy to get all of his records texts emails and documents to show not only the poor job he did but how he was involved with the Mueller Rigged Witch Hunt. He won’t sue!
Where’s the Collusion? They made up a phony crime called Collusion and when there was no Collusion they say there was Obstruction (of a phony crime that never existed). If you FIGHT BACK or say anything bad about the Rigged Witch Hunt they scream Obstruction!
....looking for trouble. They are enjoying ruining people’s lives and REFUSE to look at the real corruption on the Democrat side - the lies the firings the deleted Emails and soooo much more! Mueller’s Angry Dems are looking to impact the election. They are a National Disgrace!
Disgraced and discredited Bob Mueller and his whole group of Angry Democrat Thugs spent over 30 hours with the White House Councel only with my approval for purposes of transparency. Anybody needing that much time when they know there is no Russian Collusion is just someone....
Study the late Joseph McCarthy because we are now in period with Mueller and his gang that make Joseph McCarthy look like a baby! Rigged Witch Hunt!
Some members of the media are very Angry at the Fake Story in the New York Times. They actually called to complain and apologize - a big step forward. From the day I announced the Times has been Fake News and with their disgusting new Board Member it will only get worse!
The Failing New York Times wrote a story that made it seem like the White House Councel had TURNED on the President when in fact it is just the opposite - &amp; the two Fake reporters knew this. This is why the Fake News Media has become the Enemy of the People. So bad for America!
No Collusion and No Obstruction except by Crooked Hillary and the Democrats. All of the resignations and corruption yet heavily conflicted Bob Mueller refuses to even look in that direction. What about the Brennan Comey McCabe Strzok lies to Congress or Crooked’s Emails!
....and have demanded transparency so that this Rigged and Disgusting Witch Hunt can come to a close. So many lives have been ruined over nothing - McCarthyism at its WORST! Yet Mueller &amp; his gang of Dems refuse to look at the real crimes on the other side - Media is even worse!
The failing @nytimes wrote a Fake piece today implying that because White House Councel Don McGahn was giving hours of testimony to the Special Councel he must be a John Dean type “RAT.” But I allowed him and all others to testify - I didn’t have to. I have nothing to hide......
I allowed White House Counsel Don McGahn and all other requested members of the White House Staff to fully cooperate with the Special Counsel. In addition we readily gave over one million pages of documents. Most transparent in history. No Collusion No Obstruction. Witch Hunt!
I allowed White House Counsel Don McGahn and all other requested members of the White House Staff to fully cooperate with the Special Councel. In addition we readily gave over one million pages of documents. Most transparent in history. No Collusion No Obstruction. Witch Hunt!
The United States has ended the ridiculous 230 Million Dollar yearly development payment to Syria. Saudi Arabia and other rich countries in the Middle East will start making payments instead of the U.S. I want to develop the U.S. our military and countries that help us!
https://t.co/TfRmZA8RWQ
The Economy is stronger and better than ever before. Importantly there remains tremendous potential - it will only get better with time!
Great Job  Rachel Campos-Duffy on @foxandfriends.
Has anyone looked at the mistakes that John Brennan made while serving as CIA Director? He will go down as easily the WORST in history &amp; since getting out he has become nothing less than a loudmouth partisan political hack who cannot be trusted with the secrets to our country!
https://t.co/5kIR5EggBp
All of the fools that are so focused on looking only at Russia should start also looking in another direction China. But in the end if we are smart tough and well prepared we will get along with everyone!
....Too many voices are being destroyed some good &amp; some bad and that cannot be allowed to happen. Who is making the choices because I can already tell you that too many mistakes are being made. Let everybody participate good &amp; bad and we will all just have to figure it out!
.....Censorship is a very dangerous thing &amp; absolutely impossible to police. If you are weeding out Fake News there is nothing so Fake as CNN &amp; MSNBC &amp; yet I do not ask that their sick behavior be removed. I get used to it and watch with a grain of salt or don’t watch at all..
Social Media is totally discriminating against Republican/Conservative voices. Speaking loudly and clearly for the Trump Administration we won’t let that happen. They are closing down the opinions of many people on the RIGHT while at the same time doing nothing to others.......
....financial gain is a Federal Gratuity Statute Violation Bribery Statute Violation Honest Services Violation....all Major Crimes....because the DOJ is run by BLANK Jeff Sessions......”  Gregg Jarrett.  So when does Mueller do what must be done? Probably never! @FoxNews
“Bruce Ohr of DOJ is in legal jeopardy it’s astonishing that he’s still employed. Bruce &amp; Nelly Ohr’s bank account is getting fatter &amp; fatter because of the Dossier that they are both peddling. He doesn’t disclose it under Fed Regs. Using your Federal office for personal.......
“Bruce Ohr of DOJ is in legal jeopardy it’s astonishingthat he’s still employed. Bruce &amp; Nelly Ohr’s bank account is getting fatter &amp; fatter because of the Dossier that they are both peddling. He doesn’t disclose it under Fed Regs. Using your Federal office for personal.......
“Fox News has learned that Bruce Ohr wrote Christopher Steele following the firing of James Comey saying that he was afraid the anti-Trump Russia probe will be exposed.”  Charles Payne  @FoxBusiness   How much more does Mueller have to see? They have blinders on - RIGGED!
https://t.co/TmICRUV9uo
...I say Andrew’s was a bigger and more incompetent blunder. He should easily win his race against a Super Liberal Actress but his political career is over!
Which is worse Hightax Andrew Cuomo's statement “WE’RE NOT GOING TO MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN IT WAS NEVER THAT GREAT” or Hillary Clinton’s “DEPLORABLES” statement...
When a politician admits that “We’re not going to make America great again” there doesn’t seem to be much reason to ever vote for him. This could be a career threatening statement by Andrew Cuomo with many wanting him to resign-he will get higher ratings than his brother Chris!
Wow! Big pushback on Governor Andrew Cuomo of New York for his really dumb statement about America’s lack of greatness. I have already MADE America Great Again just look at the markets jobs military- setting records and we will do even better. Andrew “choked” badly mistake!
Wow! Big pushback on Governor Andrew Cuomo of New York for his really dumb statement about America’s lack of greatness. I have already MADE America Great Again just look at the markets jobs military- setting records and we will do even better. Andrew “chocked” badly mistake!
The U.S. has more than double the growth rate than it had 18 months ago.
Just announced youth unemployment is at a 50 year low!  @foxandfriends
....attend the big parade already scheduled at Andrews Air Force Base on a different date &amp; go to the Paris parade celebrating the end of the War on November 11th. Maybe we will do something next year in D.C. when the cost comes WAY DOWN. Now we can buy some more jet fighters!
The local politicians who run Washington D.C. (poorly) know a windfall when they see it. When asked to give us a price for holding a great celebratory military parade they wanted a number so ridiculously high that I cancelled it. Never let someone hold you up! I will instead...
How does a politician Cuomo known for pushing people and businesses out of his state not to mention having the highest taxes in the U.S. survive making the statement WE’RE NOT GOING TO MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN IT WAS NEVER THAT GREAT? Which section of the sentence is worse?
In speaking with some of the world’s top business leaders I asked what it is that would make business (jobs) even better in the U.S. “Stop quarterly reporting &amp; go to a six month system” said one. That would allow greater flexibility &amp; save money. I have asked the SEC to study!
.....released in 2017. If his statement is based on intelligence he has seen since leaving office it constitutes an intelligence breach......”  Richard Burr (R-NC) Senate Intel Cmte Chair  @LouDobbs
“Director Brennan’s recent statements purport to know as fact that the Trump campaign colluded with a foreign power. If Director Brennan’s statement is based on intelligence he received while leading the CIA why didn’t he include it in the Intelligence Community Assessment......
“....An incredibly corrupt FBI &amp; DOJ trying to steer the outcome of a Presidential Election. Brennan has gone off the deep end he’s disgraced and discredited himself. His conduct has been outrageous.” Chris Farrell Judicial Watch.
How can “Senator” Richard Blumenthal who went around for twenty years as a Connecticut politician bragging that he was a great Marine war hero in Vietnam (then got caught and sobbingly admitted he was neither a Marine nor ever in Vietnam) pass judgement on anyone? Loser!
.@TuckerCarlson speaking of John Brennan: “How did somebody so obviously limited intellectually get to be CIA Director in the first place?” Now that is a really good question! Then followed by “Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut is a FAKE War Hero...” So true a total Fake!
“Very concerned about Comey’s firing afraid they will be exposed” said Bruce Ohr. DOJ’s Emails &amp; Notes show Bruce Ohr’s connection to (phony &amp; discredited) Trump Dossier. A creep thinking he would get caught in a dishonest act. Rigged Witch Hunt!
“While Steele shopped the document to multiple media outlets he also asked for help with a RUSSIAN Oligarch.”  Catherine Herridge of @FoxNews  @LouDobbs  In other words they were colluding with Russia!
“The FBI received documents from Bruce Ohr (of the Justice Department &amp; whose wife Nelly worked for Fusion GPS).” Disgraced and fired FBI Agent Peter Strzok. This is too crazy to be believed! The Rigged Witch Hunt has zero credibility.
Turkey has taken advantage of the United States for many years. They are now holding our wonderful Christian Pastor who I must now ask to represent our Country as a great patriot hostage. We will pay nothing for the release of an innocent man but we are cutting back on Turkey!
Thank you for the kind words Omarosa! https://t.co/PMmNG6iIsi
Great @Cabinet meeting today at the @WhiteHouse! https://t.co/RwOhQF9SEv
The Queen of Soul Aretha Franklin is dead. She was a great woman with a wonderful gift from God her voice. She will be missed!
There is nothing that I would want more for our Country than true FREEDOM OF THE PRESS. The fact is that the Press is FREE to write and say anything it wants but much of what it says is FAKE NEWS pushing a political agenda or just plain trying to hurt people. HONESTY WINS!
The Boston Globe which was sold to the the Failing New York Times for 1.3 BILLION DOLLARS (plus 800 million dollars in losses &amp; investment) or 2.1 BILLION DOLLARS was then sold by the Times for 1 DOLLAR. Now the Globe is in COLLUSION with other papers on free press. PROVE IT!
THE FAKE NEWS MEDIA IS THE OPPOSITION PARTY. It is very bad for our Great Country....BUT WE ARE WINNING!
Our Economy is doing better than ever. Money is pouring into our cherished DOLLAR like rarely before companies earnings are higher than ever inflation is low &amp; business optimism is higher than it has ever been. For the first time in many decades we are protecting our workers!
“I’d strip the whole bunch of them. They’re all corrupt. They’ve all abused their power. They’ve all betrayed the American people with a political agenda. They tried to steal and influence an election in the United States.” @seanhannity
Mark Levin “When they had power they didn’t stop the Russians the Chinese the North Koreans they funded the Iranians &amp; are responsible for the greatest scandal in American history by interfering with our election &amp; trying to undermine the Trump Campaign and Trump Presidency.”
“WE’RE NOT GOING TO MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN IT WAS NEVER THAT GREAT.” Can you believe this is the Governor of the Highest Taxed State in the U.S. Andrew Cuomo having a total meltdown!
“WE’RE NOT GONG TO MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN IT WAS NEVER THAT GREAT.”  Can you believe this is the Governor of the Highest Taxed State in the U.S. Andrew Cuomo having a total meltdown!
“Hillary Clinton clearly got a pass by the FBI. We have the unfortunate situation where they then decided they were going to frame Donald Trump” concerning the Rigged Witch Hunt. JOE DIGENOVA former U.S. Attorney.
“John Brennan is a stain on the Country we deserve better than this.” Former Secret Service Agent and author of new book “Spygate the Attempted Sabotage of Donald J. Trump” Dan Bongino. Thank you Dan and good luck with the book!
RT @Rasmussen_Poll: Today’s @realDonaldTrump approval ratings among black voters: 36% This day last year: 19% https://t.co/mazBCWoIMy @…
Chuck Schumer I agree! https://t.co/KfoLkQU5Hv
Our Country was built on Tariffs and Tariffs are now leading us to great new Trade Deals - as opposed to the horrible and unfair Trade Deals that I inherited as your President. Other Countries should not be allowed to come in and steal the wealth of our great U.S.A. No longer!
Happy Birthday to the leader of the Democrat Party Maxine Waters!
“The action (the Strzok firing) was a decisive step in the right direction in correcting the wrongs committed by what has been described as Comey’s skinny inner circle.”  Chris Swecker former FBI Assistant Director.
The Rigged Russian Witch Hunt goes on and on as the “originators and founders” of this scam continue to be fired and demoted for their corrupt and illegal activity. All credibility is gone from this terrible Hoax and much more will be lost as it proceeds. No Collusion!
My friend and very early supporter Kris Kobach won the Republican Nomination for Governor of Kansas last night in a tough race against a very fine opponent. Kris will win in November and be a great Governor. He has my complete and total Endorsement!
It is about time that Connecticut had a real and talented Governor. Bob Stefanowski is the person needed to do the job. Tough on crime Bob is also a big cutter of Taxes. He will win in November and make a Great Governor a major difference maker. Bob has my total Endorsement!
.@PeteStauber won big last night in Minnesota. A big star in Hockey he will be an even bigger star in politics. It all begins with a win in November. Pete has my complete and total Endorsement!
“People who enter the United States without our permission are illegal aliens and illegal aliens should not be treated the same as people who entered the U.S. legally.” Chuck Schumer in 2009 before he went left and haywire!  @foxandfriends
Congratulations to Bryan Steil on a wonderful win last night. You will be replacing a great guy in Paul Ryan and your win in November will make the entire State of Wisconsin very proud. You have my complete and total Endorsement!
Jeff Johnson of Minnesota had a big night in winning the Republican nomination for Governor against a very strong and well known opponent! Thanks for all of the support you showed me. You have my complete and total Endorsement. You will win in November!
Scott Walker is very special and will have another great win in November. He has done a fantastic job as Governor of Wisconsin and will always have my full support and Endorsement!
Congratulations to Bryan Steil on a wonderful win last night. Your will be replacing a great guy in Paul Ryan and your win in November will make the entire State of Wisconsin very proud. You have my complete and total Endorsement!
Congratulations to Leah Vukmir of Wisconsin on your great win last night. You beat a very tough and good competitor and will make a fantastic Senator after winning in November against someone who has done very little. You have my complete and total Endorsement!
“People who enter the United States without our permission are illegal aliens and illegal aliens should not be treated the same as people who enters the U.S. legally.”  Chuck Schumer in 2009 before he went left and haywire!  @foxandfriends
Great Republican election results last night. So far we have the team we want. 8 for 9 in Special Elections. Red Wave!
“Hope and Change in an Alabama Coal Mine” https://t.co/IwLEO9ff9X
Lou Dobbs: “This cannot go forward...this Special Counsel with all of his conflicts with his 17 Angry Democrats without any evidence of collusion by the Trump Campaign and Russia. The Dems are the ones who should be investigated.” Thank you Lou so true!
Strzok started the illegal Rigged Witch Hunt - why isn’t this so-called “probe” ended immediately? Why aren’t these angry and conflicted Democrats instead looking at Crooked Hillary?
Fired FBI Agent Peter Strzok is a fraud as is the rigged investigation he started. There was no Collusion or Obstruction with Russia and everybody including the Democrats know it. The only Collusion and Obstruction was by Crooked Hillary the Democrats and the DNC!
“They were all in on it clear Hillary Clinton and FRAME Donald Trump for things he didn’t do.” Gregg Jarrett on @foxandfriends  If we had a real Attorney General this Witch Hunt would never have been started! Looking at the wrong people.
Bruce Ohr of the “Justice” Department (can you believe he is still there) is accused of helping disgraced Christopher Steele “find dirt on Trump.” Ohr’s wife Nelly was in on the act big time - worked for Fusion GPS on Fake Dossier. @foxandfriends
Another terrorist attack in London...These animals are crazy and must be dealt with through toughness and strength!
When you give a crazed crying lowlife a break and give her a job at the White House I guess it just didn’t work out. Good work by General Kelly for quickly firing that dog!
Lou Dobbs: “This cannot go forward...this Special Councel with all of his conflicts with his 17 Angry Democrats without any evidence of collusion by the Trump Campaign and Russia. The Dems are the ones who should be investigated.” Thank you Lou so true!
....should be shut down. The Strzok firing shows that the fundamental underpinnings of the investigation were corrupt. It should be shut down by the courts or by honest prosecutors.” Thank you Judicial Watch I couldn’t have said it better myself!
....guy was corrupt and had anti-Trump animus. Strzok and others at the FBI should be criminally investigated for the way the conducted this investigation. Instead Mueller is pretending nothing went wrong. He used Strzok he used the Clinton DNC Dossier...the whole thing....
Tom Fitton of Judicial Watch: “The Strzok firing is as much about the Mueller operation as anything else. There would be no Mueller Special Councel to investigate so called collusion but for the machinations of Strzok &amp; his colleagues at the top levels of the FBI. We know this...
....such wonderful and powerful things about me - a true Champion of Civil Rights - until she got fired. Omarosa had Zero credibility with the Media (they didn’t want interviews) when she worked in the White House. Now that she says bad about me they will talk to her. Fake News!
.@MarkBurnettTV called to say that there are NO TAPES of the Apprentice where I used such a terrible and disgusting word as attributed by Wacky and Deranged Omarosa. I don’t have that word in my vocabulary and never have. She made it up. Look at her MANY recent quotes saying....
https://t.co/Gm9KE8cHpS
Scott Walker of Wisconsin is a tremendous Governor who has done incredible things for that Great State. He has my complete &amp; total Endorsement! He brought the amazing Foxconn to Wisconsin with its 15000 Jobs-and so much more. Vote for Scott on Tuesday in the Republican Primary!
“Trump’s foreign policy is actually boosting America’s standing” https://t.co/oC7Xs38uRo
It was my great honor to sign our new Defense Bill into law and to pay tribute to the greatest soldiers in the history of the world: THE U.S. ARMY. The National Defense Authorization Act is the most significant investment in our Military and our warfighters in modern history! https://t.co/M6VI1c0Sgx
Pete Stauber is running for Congress in Minnesota. He will make for a great Congressman. Pete is strong on crime and borders loves our Military Vets and Second Amendment. Vote for Pete tomorrow. He has my full and total Endorsement!
Great to be in Fort Drum New York with our HEROES! https://t.co/Ke54QGZbU7
Just landed at Fort Drum New York. Looking forward to making a speech about our GREAT HEROES!
RT @FrankLuntz: I’m in @Omarosa’s book on page 149. She claims to have heard from someone who heard from me that I heard Trump use the N-wo…
RT @MichaelCohen212: LTo the many dozens of #journalists who called me questioning @OMAROSA claim in her new book that @POTUS @realDonaldT…
Brooks Koepka just won his third Golf Major and he did it not only with his powerful game but with his powerful mind. He has been a man of steel on the Tour and will have many Victories including Majors ahead of him. Congrats to Brooks and his great team on a job well done!
Wacky Omarosa already has a fully signed Non-Disclosure Agreement!
Just fired Agent Strzok formerly of the FBI was in charge of the Crooked Hillary Clinton sham investigation. It was a total fraud on the American public and should be properly redone!
Agent Peter Strzok was just fired from the FBI - finally. The list of bad players in the FBI &amp; DOJ gets longer &amp; longer. Based on the fact that Strzok was in charge of the Witch Hunt will it be dropped? It is a total Hoax. No Collusion No Obstruction - I just fight back!
The very unpopular Governor of Ohio (and failed presidential candidate) @JohnKasich hurt Troy Balderson’s recent win by tamping down enthusiasm for an otherwise great candidate. Even Kasich’s Lt. Governor lost Gov. race because of his unpopularity. Credit to Troy on the BIG WIN!
While I know it’s “not presidential” to take on a lowlife like Omarosa and while I would rather not be doing so this is a modern day form of communication and I know the Fake News Media will be working overtime to make even Wacky Omarosa look legitimate as possible. Sorry!
...really bad things. Nasty to people &amp; would constantly miss meetings &amp; work. When Gen. Kelly came on board he told me she was a loser &amp; nothing but problems. I told him to try working it out if possible because she only said GREAT things about me - until she got fired!
Wacky Omarosa who got fired 3 times on the Apprentice now got fired for the last time. She never made it never will. She begged me for a job tears in her eyes I said Ok. People in the White House hated her. She was vicious but not smart. I would rarely see her but heard....
“Seems like the Department of Justice (and FBI) had a program to keep Donald Trump from becoming President”. @DarrellIssa  @foxandfriends  If this had happened to the other side everybody involved would be in jail. This is a Media coverup of the biggest story of our time.
Many @harleydavidson owners plan to boycott the company if manufacturing moves overseas. Great! Most other companies are coming in our direction including Harley competitors. A really bad move! U.S. will soon have a level playing field or better.
.@GovMikeHuckabee “Your paycheck is bigger your pension is stronger.” @foxandfriends  Unemployment numbers are better than they have been in 50 years &amp; perhaps ever. Our country is booming like never before - and it will get even better! Many companies moving back to the U.S.A.
.@JudgeJeanine  “Bob Mueller isn’t your whole investigation premised on a Fake Dossier paid for by Hillary created by a man who hates Donald Trump &amp; used to con a FISA Court Judge. Bob I really think it’s time for you to give up your phony investigation.” No Collusion!
Bikers for Trump at Bedminster earlier today. Thank you! https://t.co/GWN56gYGT3
Hundreds of Bikers for Trump just joined me at Bedminster. Quite a scene - great people who truly love our Country!
....Do you believe Nelly worked for Fusion and her husband STILL WORKS FOR THE DEPARTMENT OF “JUSTICE.” I have never seen anything so Rigged in my life. Our A.G. is scared stiff and Missing in Action. It is all starting to be revealed - not pretty. IG Report soon?  Witch Hunt!
The big story that the Fake News Media refuses to report is lowlife Christopher Steele’s many meetings with Deputy A.G. Bruce Ohr and his beautiful wife Nelly. It was Fusion GPS that hired Steele to write the phony &amp; discredited Dossier paid for by Crooked Hillary &amp; the DNC....
I am proud to have fought for and secured the LOWEST African American and Hispanic unemployment rates in history. Now I’m pushing for prison reform to give people who have paid their debt to society a second chance. I will never stop fighting for ALL Americans!
The riots in Charlottesville a year ago resulted in senseless death and division. We must come together as a nation. I condemn all types of racism and acts of violence. Peace to ALL Americans!
.....Will the FBI ever recover it’s once stellar reputation so badly damaged by Comey McCabe Peter S and his lover the lovely Lisa Page and other top officials now dismissed or fired? So many of the great men and women of the FBI have been hurt by these clowns and losers!
Why isn’t the FBI giving Andrew McCabe text messages  to Judicial Watch or appropriate governmental authorities. FBI said they won’t give up even one (I may have to get involved DO NOT DESTROY). What are they hiding? McCabe wife took big campaign dollars from Hillary people.....
.....Will the FBI ever recover it’s once stellar reputation so badly damaged by Comey McCabe Peter S and his lover the lovely Lisa Page and other top officials now dismissed or fired? So many of the great men and women of the FBI have been hurt by these clowns and losers!
Why isn’t the FBI giving Andrew McCabe text massages to Judicial Watch or appropriate governmental authorities. FBI said they won’t give up even one (I may have to get involved DO NOT DESTROY). What are they hiding? McCabe wife took big campaign dollars from Hillary people......
Deal with Mexico is coming along nicely. Autoworkers and farmers must be taken care of or there will be no deal. New President of Mexico has been an absolute gentleman. Canada must wait. Their Tariffs and Trade Barriers are far too high. Will tax cars if we can’t make a deal!
Thank you to Kanye West and the fact that he is willing to tell the TRUTH. One new and great FACT - African American unemployment is the lowest ever recorded in the history of our Country. So honored by this. Thank you Kanye for your support. It is making a big difference!
Had a very good phone call with @EmmanuelMacron President of France. Discussed various subjects in particular Security and Trade. Many other calls and conversations today. Looking forward to dinner tonight with Tim Cook of Apple. He is investing big dollars in U.S.A.
Democrats please do not distance yourselves from Nancy Pelosi. She is a wonderful person whose ideas &amp; policies may be bad but who should definitely be given a 4th chance. She is trying very hard &amp; has every right to take down the Democrat Party if she has veered too far left!
I have just authorized a doubling of Tariffs on Steel and Aluminum with respect to Turkey as their currency the Turkish Lira slides rapidly downward against our very strong Dollar! Aluminum will now be 20% and Steel 50%. Our relations with Turkey are not good at this time!
.....Be happy be cool! A football game that fans are paying soooo much money to watch and enjoy is no place to protest. Most of that money goes to the players anyway. Find another way to protest. Stand proudly for your National Anthem or be Suspended Without Pay!
The NFL players are at it again - taking a knee when they should be standing proudly for the National Anthem. Numerous players from different teams wanted to show their “outrage” at something that most of them are unable to define. They make a fortune doing what they love......
.@MariaBartiromo  “No evidence to launch even an investigation into potential collusion between Donald Trump and the Russians - and here we are a year and a half later.”
Jenna Ellis  “FBI thought they wouldn’t get caught because they thought that Hillary was going to win. There is overt bias and that depends on whether you are Democrat or Republican - a double standard that needs to stop.”
@LindseyGrahamSC  “Why didn’t the FBI tell President Trump that they had concerns about Carter Page? Is there a double standard here?” They told Senator Diane Feinstein that she had a spy - but not Trump. Is that entrapment or did they just want to use Page as an excuse to SPY?
Congressman Ted Yoho of Florida is doing a fantastic job and has my complete and total Endorsement! Tough on Crime and Borders Ted was really helpful on Tax Cuts. Vote all the way for Ted in the upcoming Primary - he will never let you down!
Space Force all the way!
This is an illegally brought Rigged Witch Hunt run by people who are totally corrupt and/or conflicted. It was started and paid for by Crooked Hillary and the Democrats. Phony Dossier FISA disgrace and so many lying and dishonest people already fired. 17 Angry Dems? Stay tuned!
“There has been no evidence whatsoever that Donald Trump or the campaign was involved in any kind of collusion to fix the 2016 election. In fact the evidence is the opposite that Hillary Clinton &amp; the Democrats colluded with the Russians to fix the 2016 election.” @GrahamLedger
RED WAVE!
Congratulations to @LenaEpstein of Michigan on a job well done. Also thanks for your great support!
As long as I campaign and/or support Senate and House candidates (within reason) they will win! I LOVE the people &amp; they certainly seem to like the job I’m doing. If I find the time in between China Iran the Economy and much more which I must we will have a giant Red Wave!
The Republicans have now won 8 out of 9 House Seats yet if you listen to the Fake News Media you would think we are being clobbered. Why can’t they play it straight so unfair to the Republican Party and in particular your favorite President!
5 for 5!
Congratulations to Josh Hawley on your big Senate Primary win in Missouri. I look forward to working with you toward a big win in November. We need you in Washington!
Congratulations to Bill Schuette. You will have a Big win in November and be a tremendous Governor for the Great State of Michigan. Lots of car and other companies moving back!
Congratulations to a future STAR of the Republican Party future Senator John James. A big and bold victory tonight in the Great State of Michigan - the first of many. November can’t come fast enough!
.....Congratulations to Troy Balderson on a great win in Ohio. A very special and important race!
When I decided to go to Ohio for Troy Balderson he was down in early voting 64 to 36. That was not good. After my speech on Saturday night there was a big turn for the better. Now Troy wins a great victory during a very tough time of the year for voting. He will win BIG in Nov.
Today on the 236th anniversary of the Purple Heart we honor the members of our Armed Forces for serving as the vanguard of American democracy and freedom around the world. #PurpleHeartDay https://t.co/NghmQ4BOKh
RT @EricTrump: Ohio make sure to get out and vote today! We need Troy Balderson in Congress. Visit https://t.co/ypMnbPQzqk to find your pol…
Ohio vote today for Troy Balderson for Congress. His opponent controlled by Nancy Pelosi is weak on Crime the Border Military Vets your 2nd Amendment - and will end your Tax Cuts. Troy will be a great Congressman. #MAGA
The Iran sanctions have officially been cast. These are the most biting sanctions ever imposed and in November they ratchet up to yet another level. Anyone doing business with Iran will NOT be doing business with the United States. I am asking for WORLD PEACE nothing less!
California wildfires are being magnified &amp; made so much worse by the bad environmental laws which aren’t allowing massive amounts of readily available water to be properly utilized. It is being diverted into the Pacific Ocean. Must also tree clear to stop fire from spreading!
Democrats want Open Borders and they want to abolish ICE the brave men and women that are protecting our Country from some of the most vicious and dangerous people on earth! Sorry we can’t let that happen! Also change the rules in the Senate and approve STRONG Border Security!
RT @realDonaldTrump: Presidential Approval numbers are very good - strong economy military and just about everything else. Better numbers…
Democrats want Open Borders and they want to abolish ICE the brave men and women that our protecting our Country from some of the most vicious and dangerous people on earth! Sorry we can’t let that happen!Also change the rules in the Senate and approve STRONG Border Security!
John James is a potential Republican Star who has a Senate primary election tomorrow in Michigan. If he becomes the Republican candidate he will beat the Open Borders weak on Crime Democrat Debbie Stabenow. Vote for John James and Make America Great Again!
Governor Jerry Brown must allow the Free Flow of the vast amounts of water coming from the North and foolishly being diverted into the Pacific Ocean. Can be used for fires farming and everything else. Think of California with plenty of Water - Nice! Fast Federal govt. approvals.
Kris Kobach a strong and early supporter of mine is running for Governor of the Great State of Kansas.  He is a fantastic guy who loves his State and our Country - he will be a GREAT Governor and has my full &amp; total Endorsement! Strong on Crime Border &amp; Military. VOTE TUESDAY!
Great financial numbers being announced on an almost daily basis. Economy has never been better jobs at best point in history. Fixing our terrible Trade Deals is a priority-and going very well. Immigration on Merit Based System to take care of the companies coming back to U.S.A.
....a law firm eventually Kremlin connected sources to gather info on Donald Trump. Collusion is very real with Russia but only with Hillary and the Democrats and we should demand a full investigation.” Dan Bongino on @foxandfriends  Looking forward to the new IG Report!
“Collusion with Russia was very real. Hillary Clinton and her team 100% colluded with the Russians and so did Adam Schiff who is on tape trying to collude with what he thought was Russians to obtain compromising material on DJT. We also know that Hillary Clinton paid through....
California wildfires are being magnified &amp; made so much worse by the bad environmental laws which aren’t allowing massive amount of readily available water to be properly utilized. It is being diverted into the Pacific Ocean. Must also tree clear to stop fire   spreading!
RT @realDonaldTrump: ...Danny O’Connor is a total puppet for Nancy Pelosi and Maxine Waters – Danny wants to raise your taxes open your bo…
RT @realDonaldTrump: A great night in Ohio’s 12th Congressional District with Troy Balderson! Troy loves Ohio and he loves the people of O…
Presidential Approval numbers are very good - strong economy military and just about everything else. Better numbers than Obama at this point by far. We are winning on just about every front and for that reason there will not be a Blue Wave but there might be a Red Wave!
Too bad a large portion of the Media refuses to report the lies and corruption having to do with the Rigged Witch Hunt - but that is why we call them FAKE NEWS!
...Why aren’t Mueller and the 17 Angry Democrats looking at the meetings concerning the Fake Dossier and all of the lying that went on in the FBI and DOJ? This is the most one sided Witch Hunt in the history of our country. Fortunately the facts are all coming out and fast!
Fake News reporting a complete fabrication that I am concerned about the meeting my wonderful son Donald had in Trump Tower. This was a meeting to get information on an opponent totally legal and done all the time in politics - and it went nowhere. I did not know about it!
..Because of Tariffs we will be able to start paying down large amounts of the $21 Trillion in debt that has been accumulated much by the Obama Administration while at the same time reducing taxes for our people. At minimum we will make much better Trade Deals for our country!
Tariffs are working big time. Every country on earth wants to take wealth out of the U.S. always to our detriment. I say as they comeTax them. If they don’t want to be taxed let them make or build the product in the U.S. In either event it means jobs and great wealth.....
The Fake News hates me saying that they are the Enemy of the People only because they know it’s TRUE. I am providing a great service by explaining this to the American People. They purposely cause great division &amp; distrust. They can also cause War! They are very dangerous &amp; sick!
...Danny O’Connor is a total puppet for Nancy Pelosi and Maxine Waters – Danny wants to raise your taxes open your borders and take away your 2nd Amendment. Vote for Troy on Tuesday!
A great night in Ohio’s 12th Congressional District with Troy Balderson! Troy loves Ohio and he loves the people of Ohio. He will be fighting for you all the way...
Thank you Ohio. I love you! https://t.co/HYSaQOB6GW
RT @realDonaldTrump: Troy Balderson running for Congress from Ohio is in a big Election fight with a candidate who just got caught lying…
Iran and it’s economy is going very bad and fast! I will meet or not meet it doesn’t matter - it is up to them!
Heading to Ohio!
....China which is for the first time doing poorly against us is spending a fortune on ads and P.R. trying to convince and scare our politicians to fight me on Tariffs- because they are really hurting their economy. Likewise other countries. We are Winning but must be strong!
....Tariffs will make our country much richer than it is today. Only fools would disagree. We are using them to negotiate fair trade deals and if countries are still unwilling to negotiate they will pay us vast sums of money in the form of Tariffs. We win either way......
....Tariffs have had a tremendous positive impact on our Steel Industry. Plants are opening all over the U.S. Steelworkers are working again and big dollars are flowing into our Treasury. Other countries use Tariffs against but when we use them foolish people scream!
Tariffs are working far better than anyone ever anticipated. China market has dropped 27% in last 4months and they are talking to us. Our market is stronger than ever and will go up dramatically when these horrible Trade Deals are successfully renegotiated. America First.......
HAPPY BIRTHDAY @USCG! https://t.co/cQo41jcoKn
Troy Balderson running for Congress from Ohio is in a big Election fight with a candidate who just got caught lying about his relationship with Nancy Pelosi who is weak on Crime Borders &amp; your 2nd Amendment-and wants to raise your Taxes (by a lot). Vote for Troy on Tuesday!
Will be going to Ohio tonight to campaign for Troy Balderson for the big Congressional Special Election on Tuesday. Early voting is on. Troy is strong on Crime the Border &amp; loves our Military Vets &amp; 2nd Amendment. His opponent is a puppet of Nancy Pelosi/high taxes.
Lebron James was just interviewed by the dumbest man on television Don Lemon. He made Lebron look smart which isn’t easy to do. I like Mike!
RT @seanhannity: https://t.co/RAVcGZwsiS
RT @VinceMcMahon: Grateful for our special #MakeAWish guest at @WWE HQ. Thanks for visiting us Tyler … and for making yourself comfortable…
...Dianne is the person leading our Nation on “Collusion” with Russia (only done by Dems). Will she now investigate herself? https://t.co/OG6l04bBwg
RT @WhiteHouse: “This is probably the most pro-active administration regarding urban America and the faith-based community in my lifetime.…
RT @DRUDGE_REPORT: NYT editorial board member: 'Kill More Men' 'F*ck The Police'... https://t.co/f7Vu1dycyi
RT @WhiteHouse: Under President Trump the economy is roaring jobs are soaring and the American worker is seeing more money in their payc…
RT @DRUDGE_REPORT: Manufacturing +37000... https://t.co/XparcYpi3G
RT @DRUDGE_REPORT: RECORD 155965000 EMPLOYED https://t.co/SPazgBPyz2
RT @DRUDGE_REPORT: Hispanic unemployment record low... https://t.co/ky1W0I6pQ2
RT @realDonaldTrump: “Private payrolls boom in July increasing by 219000 vs 185000 estimate: ADP” https://t.co/SeU9kGpima
RT @Scavino45: ?”US workers see biggest pay benefit increase in 10 years” https://t.co/eD9vxbBMBb
RT @Scavino45: .@POTUS @realDonaldTrump and @UFC’s @DanaWhite in the Oval Office earlier today at the @WhiteHouse.... https://t.co/JC9jPsn4…
RT @Scavino45: “Pro-Trump pastor: Trump is ‘the most pro-black’ president I've ever seen” https://t.co/5GoQOoeCP3
Congratulations to Gregg Jarrett on his book “THE RUSSIA HOAX THE ILLICIT SCHEME TO CLEAR HILLARY CLINTON AND FRAME DONALD TRUMP” going to #1 on @nytimes and Amazon. It is indeed a HOAX and WITCH HUNT illegally started by people who have already been disgraced. Great book!
Great photo from Ocean City Maryland. Thank you. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! https://t.co/kILZz31yDJ
Almost 500000 Manufacturing Jobs created since I won the Election. Remember when my opponents were saying that we couldn’t create this type of job anymore. Wrong in fact these are among our best and most important jobs!
“The media are good news fire extinguishers!” @greggutfeld @TheFive
NASA which is making a BIG comeback under the Trump Administration has just named 9 astronauts for Boeing and Spacex space flights. We have the greatest facilities in the world and we are now letting the private sector pay to use them. Exciting things happening. Space Force!
July is just the ninth month since 1970 that unemployment has fallen below 4%. Our economy has added 3.7 million jobs since I won the Election. 4.1 GDP. More than 4 million people have received a pay raise due to tax reform. $400 Billion brought back from “overseas.” @FoxNews
Marsha Blackburn had a BIG win last night in the Tennessee primary for U.S. Senate. She is an outstanding person &amp; great supporter of mine. Congratulations Marsha we need you very badly in the Senate to vote for our agenda. Your next opponent will vote against all we are doing!
“Pastor praises Trump as 'pro-black' at prison reform event” https://t.co/xFKf1arebx
RT @Rasmussen_Poll: Today’s @realDonaldTrump approval ratings among black voters: 29% This time last year: 15%https://t.co/mazBCWoIMy @…
Congratulations Marsha! https://t.co/JSMiOWfbxa
Congratulations to Bill Lee of Tennessee on his big primary win for Governor last night.  He ran a great campaign and now will finish off the job in November. Bill has my total and enthusiastic Endorsement!
Thank you Pennsylvania. I love you! https://t.co/qoswnBZb3f
They asked my daughter Ivanka whether or not the media is the enemy of the people. She correctly said no. It is the FAKE NEWS which is a large percentage of the media that is the enemy of the people!
Looking forward to being in the Great State of Ohio on Saturday night where I will be campaigning hard for a truly talented future Congressman @Troy_Balderson. See you all then! Tickets: https://t.co/8UOykaI8uf https://t.co/jHdtAy5fgj
When the House and Senate meet on the very important Farm Bill – we love our farmers - hopefully they will be able to leave the WORK REQUIREMENTS FOR FOOD STAMPS PROVISION that the House approved. Senate should go to 51 votes!
Pennsylvania has to love Trump because unlike all of the others before me I am bringing STEEL BACK in a VERY BIG way. Plants opening up in Pennsylvania and all over the Country and Congressman Lou Barletta who is running for the Senate in Pennsylvania is really helping!
Looking forward to being in the Great State of Pennsylvania where we had a tremendous victory in the Election. Will be campaigning hard for an original supporter Lou Barletta to replace a weak an ineffective Senator Bob Casey. Lou is tough and smart loves PA and our Country!
Congressman Steve Stivers of Ohio has done a fantastic job as Chairman of the @NRCC. He is a great Congressman who is tough on crime &amp; borders &amp; an inspiration to our Military &amp; Vets. Big on 2nd Amendment. Get out and vote for Steve on Aug 7th. He has my full &amp; total endorsement!
Working hard thank you! https://t.co/pNXbFNcf8z
Wow @foxandfriends is blowing away the competition in the morning ratings. Morning Joe is a dead show with very few people watching and sadly Fake News CNN is also doing poorly. Too much hate and inaccurately reported stories - too predictable!
Charles Koch of Koch Brothers who claims to be giving away millions of dollars to politicians even though I know very few who have seen this (?) now makes the ridiculous statement that what President Trump is doing is unfair to “foreign workers.” He is correct AMERICA FIRST!
Thank you to Chairman Kim Jong Un for keeping your word &amp; starting the process of sending home the remains of our great and beloved missing fallen! I am not at all surprised that you took this kind action. Also thank you for your nice letter - l look forward to seeing you soon!
Congratulations to  @GreggJarrett on The TREMENDOUS success of his just out book “The Russia Hoax The Illicit Scheme To Clear Hillary Clinton &amp; Frame Donald Trump.” Already number one on Amazon. Hard work from a brilliant guy. It’s the Real Story of the Rigged Witch Hunt!
RT @realDonaldTrump: “Worker pay rate hits highest level since 2008” https://t.co/pMDxHQqcg9
Incredibly beautiful ceremony as U.S. Korean War remains are returned to American soil. Thank you to Honolulu and all of our great Military participants on a job well done. A special thanks to Vice President Mike Pence on delivering a truly magnificent tribute!
“Private payrolls boom in July increasing by 219000 vs 185000 estimate: ADP” https://t.co/SeU9kGpima
Join me tomorrow night at 7pmE in Wilkes-Barre Township Pennsylvania for a MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN RALLY! Tickets: https://t.co/dR6EzS3Q8L https://t.co/c52kIxvdF7
#PledgeToAmericasWorkers https://t.co/qIJQfQ3bos
It was my great honor to be joined by leading pastors and faith leaders from across our Nation today at the @WhiteHouse! https://t.co/6sS1zGA1p7
“We already have a smoking gun about a campaign getting dirt on their opponent it was Hillary Clinton. How is it OK for Hillary Clinton to proactively seek dirt from the Russians but the Trump campaign met at the Russians request and that is bad?” Marc Thiessen Washington Post
Looking back on history who was treated worse Alfonse Capone legendary mob boss killer and “Public Enemy Number One” or Paul Manafort political operative &amp; Reagan/Dole darling now serving solitary confinement - although convicted of nothing? Where is the Russian Collusion?
“We already have a smocking gun about a campaign getting dirt on their opponent it was Hillary Clinton. How is it OK for Hillary Clinton to proactively seek dirt from the Russians but the Trump campaign met at the Russians request and that is bad?” Marc Thiessen Washington Post
Russian Collusion with the Trump Campaign one of the most successful in history is a TOTAL HOAX. The Democrats paid for the phony and discredited Dossier which was along with Comey McCabe Strzok and his lover the lovely Lisa Page used to begin the Witch Hunt. Disgraceful!
Paul Manafort worked for Ronald Reagan Bob Dole and many other highly prominent and respected political leaders. He worked for me for a very short time. Why didn’t government tell me that he was under investigation. These old charges have nothing to do with Collusion - a Hoax!
..This is a terrible situation and Attorney General Jeff Sessions should stop this Rigged Witch Hunt right now before it continues to stain our country any further. Bob Mueller is totally conflicted and his 17 Angry Democrats that are doing his dirty work are a disgrace to USA!
.....remain in the FBI while he himself was being investigated. This is a real issue. It won’t go into a Mueller Report because Mueller is going to protect these guys. Mueller has an interest in creating the illusion of objectivity around his investigation.” ALAN DERSHOWITZ....
“FBI Agent Peter Strzok (on the Mueller team) should have recused himself on day one. He was out to STOP THE ELECTION OF DONALD TRUMP. He needed an insurance policy. Those are illegal improper goals trying to influence the Election. He should never ever been allowed to........
RT @EricTrump: #Truth @Acosta https://t.co/aCfFoeqL1f
Thank you Florida. I love you!https://t.co/M5T81DZVUU
RT @WhiteHouse: President Trump Delivers Remarks on Workforce Development https://t.co/nE2kMxkHyw
On my way to Tampa Florida. Look forward to seeing everyone soon! https://t.co/BSB6IjBK7r
“Worker pay rate hits highest level since 2008” https://t.co/pMDxHQqcg9
...Border Security is National Security and National Security is the long-term viability of our Country. A Government Shutdown is a very small price to pay for a safe and Prosperous America!
I don’t care what the political ramifications are our immigration laws and border security have been a complete and total disaster for decades and there is no way that the Democrats will allow it to be fixed without a Government Shutdown...
.@SenJohnBarrasso has a Primary on August 21st. He doesn’t need any help because he is absolutely outstanding in every way but I hope the great people of Wyoming will go out and show their support anyway. John is absolutely top of the line &amp; has my Complete &amp; Total Endorsement!
Congressman David Kustoff has been a champion for the Trump Agenda - I greatly appreciate his support. David is strong on crime and borders loves our Military Vets and Second Amendment. Get out and vote for David on Thursday August 2nd. He has my Full and Total Endorsement!
The Fake News Media is going CRAZY! They are totally unhinged and in many ways after witnessing first hand the damage they do to so many innocent and decent people I enjoy watching. In 7 years when I am no longer in office their ratings will dry up and they will be gone!
Will be in Tampa tonight. A big year for @RepDeSantis who will be a great governor for Florida. Strong on Crime Borders and our 2nd Amendment. Big help on Tax &amp; Regulation Cuts. Loves our Military &amp; our Vets. Has my Full &amp; Total Endorsement!
I am looking into 3-D Plastic Guns being sold to the public. Already spoke to NRA doesn’t seem to make much sense!
Collusion is not a crime but that doesn’t matter because there was No Collusion (except by Crooked Hillary and the Democrats)!
One of the reasons we need Great Border Security is that Mexico’s murder rate in 2017 increased by 27% to 31174 people killed a record! The Democrats want Open Borders. I want Maximum Border Security and respect for ICE and our great Law Enforcement Professionals! @FoxNews
Rush Limbaugh is a great guy who truly gets it!
RT @dougmillsnyt: .@realDonaldTrump walks with Giuseppe Conte Prime Minister of the Italy following a joint news conference in the East Ro…
RT @dougmillsnyt: .@realDonaldTrump pumps his fist after his new Secretary of Veterans Affairs  Robert Wilkie is sworn-in by @VP Mike Pence…
....them richer. Their network is highly overrated I have beaten them at every turn. They want to protect their companies outside the U.S. from being taxed I’m for America First &amp; the American Worker - a puppet for no one. Two nice guys with bad ideas. Make America Great Again!
The globalist Koch Brothers who have become a total joke in real Republican circles are against Strong Borders and Powerful Trade. I never sought their support because I don’t need their money or bad ideas. They love my Tax &amp; Regulation Cuts Judicial picks &amp; more. I made.....
MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! https://t.co/OnMGXvldVT
A highly respected Federal judge today stated that the “Trump Administration gets great credit” for reuniting illegal families. Thank you and please look at the previous administrations record - not good!
Congratulations to our new @DeptVetAffairs Secretary Robert Wilkie! https://t.co/6erqWJzuiK
Thank you to @RandPaul for your YES on a future great Justice of the Supreme Court Brett Kavanaugh. Your vote means a lot to me and to everyone who loves our Country!
...that Open Borders large scale Crime and abolishing ICE is good for them we must get smart and finally do what must be done for the Safety and Security of our Country!
Illegal immigration is a top National Security problem. After decades of playing games with the whole World laughing at the stupidity of our immigration laws and with Democrats thinking...
Congratulations to Judge Jeanine on the tremendous success of her new #1 best-selling book “Liars Leakers and Liberals – The Case Against the Anti-Trump Conspiracy!”
RT @realDonaldTrump: ...John is strong on crime and borders loves our Military our Vets and our Second Amendment. He will be a star. He h…
RT @realDonaldTrump: .@JohnJamesMI who is running in the Republican Primary in the great state of Michigan is SPECTACULAR! Vote on August…
...your Social Security and Medicare! Cast your early vote or vote on August 7th Election Day. He has my full and total Endorsement!
.@Troy_Balderson of Ohio is running for Congress - so important to the Republican Party. Troy is strong on crime and Borders loves our Military our Vets and our Second Amendment. Troy will strongly protect...
Congratulations to General John Kelly. Today we celebrate his first full year as @WhiteHouse Chief of Staff! https://t.co/JWCaJ3GhHV
???????? https://t.co/1SSUCRtMEE
It is my great honor to welcome Prime Minister @GiuseppeConteIT of Italy to the @WhiteHouse! Join us at 2:00pmE for our joint press conference: https://t.co/XAchZ3zUSe https://t.co/5t4QVsKKqH
RT @GOPChairwoman: “David Burritt U.S. Steel's president and CEO said the company was experiencing a ‘renaissance’ and credited @realDona…
We must have Border Security get rid of Chain Lottery Catch &amp; Release Sanctuary Cities - go to Merit based Immigration. Protect ICE and Law Enforcement and of course keep building but much faster THE WALL!
RT @Scavino45: “@realDonaldTrump tells @ICEgov agents: ‘We always will stand with you’” https://t.co/o1P17H7IVq
....Also why is Mueller only appointing Angry Dems some of whom have worked for Crooked Hillary others including himself have worked for Obama....And why isn’t Mueller looking at all of the criminal activity &amp; real Russian Collusion on the Democrats side-Podesta Dossier?
Is Robert Mueller ever going to release his conflicts of interest with respect to President Trump including the fact that we had a very nasty &amp; contentious business relationship I turned him down to head the FBI (one day before appointment as S.C.) &amp; Comey is his close friend..
There is No Collusion! The Robert Mueller Rigged Witch Hunt headed now by 17 (increased from 13 including an Obama White House lawyer) Angry Democrats was started by a fraudulent Dossier paid for by Crooked Hillary and the DNC. Therefore the Witch Hunt is an illegal Scam!
...and the Amazon Washington Post do nothing but write bad stories even on very positive achievements - and they will never change!
...accurately. 90% of media coverage of my Administration is negative despite the tremendously positive results we are achieving it’s no surprise that confidence in the media is at an all time low! I will not allow our great country to be sold out by anti-Trump haters in the...
...dying newspaper industry. No matter how much they try to distract and cover it up our country is making great progress under my leadership and I will never stop fighting for the American people! As an example the failing New York Times...
When the media - driven insane by their Trump Derangement Syndrome - reveals internal deliberations of our government it  truly puts the lives of many not just journalists at risk! Very unpatriotic! Freedom of the press also comes with a responsibility to report the news...
I would be willing to “shut down” government if the Democrats do not give us the votes for Border Security which includes the Wall! Must get rid of Lottery Catch &amp; Release etc. and finally go to system of Immigration based on MERIT! We need great people coming into our Country!
The biggest and best results coming out of the good GDP report was that the quarterly Trade Deficit has been reduced by $52 Billion and of course the historically low unemployment numbers especially for African Americans Hispanics Asians and Women.
Had a very good and interesting meeting at the White House with A.G. Sulzberger Publisher of the New York Times. Spent much time talking about the vast amounts of Fake News being put out by the media &amp; how that Fake News has morphed into phrase “Enemy of the People.” Sad!
RT @realDonaldTrump: Congressman David Kustoff has been a champion for the Trump Agenda - I greatly appreciate his support. David is strong…
RT @realDonaldTrump: The only things the Democrats do well is “Resist” which is their campaign slogan and “Obstruct.” Cryin’ Chuck Schume…
RT @realDonaldTrump: Democrats who want Open Borders and care little about Crime are incompetent but they have the Fake News Media almos…
Please understand there are consequences when people cross our Border illegally whether they have children or not - and many are just using children for their own sinister purposes. Congress must act on fixing the DUMBEST &amp; WORST immigration laws anywhere in the world! Vote “R”
Do you think the Fake News Media will ever report on this tweet from Michael? https://t.co/kXLCKZO5Fr