
	America’s development into the world’s biggest superpower is one of the most 
controversial topics. The one of a kind journey this country embarked on in the 19th century was 
said to be the main driving force behind the development. According to Frederick Turner, as the 
country pushed west and colonized the great lands, America began to institutionalize and 
develop itself, which caused the advancement of American culture, politics, and economy. 
Critics believe that the credit is due to the individualism that sprouted within the people in the 
19th century as well as the various economic forces that filled the nation with the desire, 
ambition, and stipulation to move forward. While the frontier provided the country with the raw 
opportunity for immense development, the people motivated by great ambition and the desire to 
free themselves from British influences institutionalized America. In order to truly understand 
what America has developed into today, it's also important to consider the history of oppression 
and discrimination that is often forgotten. So while Turner made bold claims about the frontier, 
his opinions failed to account for the oppression of the natives, African Americans, and the 
division during the frontier period which also shaped America.

	America has expanded from the East coast of the Atlantic all the way to the West coast 
where the Pacific lays. This frontier lasted about a century before 1890 when the US government 
announced that the western lands were no longer empty. Turner spoke of this expansion as the 
main reason for American development. He created a theory that viewed the frontier not only as 
geographical expansion, but as a process. He claimed that, “Up to our own day American history 
has been in a large degree the history of the colonization of the Great West.” And that, “The 
existence of an area of free land, its continuous recession, and the advance of American 
settlement westward, explain American development.” (Turner 1)Turner made the bold claim 
that this movement was the sole cause for American development. His critics disapproved 
because of the fact that he didn’t “account for the industrial revolution…American music and 
architecture…American cattle…religions…Science [or] literature…” (Pierson 2) Turner’s claim 
was ignorant of many factors of the American life. To put men as one with nature and to show 
that nature motivated men, he gave all the credit to the frontier. This gave approval to the settlers 
moving west and essentially warranted the oppression of the settlers on to the native people with 
this clause between nature and man. Turner also claimed this frontier gave opportunity to men 
and put them on an equal playing field. But like Pierson said, all men “excluding Negroes, 
Indians, Orientals, and other minority groups.” (Pierson 2) Turner’s frontier theory left out many 
factors and people who shaped America, and instead gives utmost importance to the factors that 
are a result of other efforts.
	“The most important effect of the frontier has been the promotion of democracy.” (Turner 
2) Turner claimed that the frontier is what led to the democracy we live in today. He suggested 
that “the frontier is productive of individualism,” and that a “complex society is precipitated by 
the wilderness into a kind of primitive organization…” (Turner 2) To state that such complex 
structures arise from wilderness is ignorant of education and history. Like his critic stated: 
Turners claims are “too optimistic, too romantic, too provincial, and too nationalistic…” (Pierson 
2) to be reliable and even taken as any type of truth. Perhaps Turner’s claims would be better 
based on the exclusiveness of the American government and the arrogant demeanor of the 
settlers. That would better showcase what made America into what it is today: presumptuous and 
privileged.

	Turner told us that “the wilderness masters the colonist.  It finds him a European in dress 
industries, tools, modes of travel, and thought.  It takes him from the railroad car and puts him in 
the birch canoe. It strips off the garments of civilization and arrays him in the hunting shirt and 
the moccasin…Before long he has gone to planting Indian corn and plowing with a sharp 
stick…” (Turner 1) He went on to conclude that “at the frontier the environment is at first too 
strong for the man.  He must accept the conditions which it furnishes, or perish, and so he fits 
himself into the Indian clearings and follows the Indian trails…” (Turner 2) The adaption of the 
settlers to the discovered lands did indeed result in development. Settlers did indeed move west 
and set up camp in unknown areas. Taking a look at an 1890 map of the west, the movement 
west becomes evident as the population density slowly increases as they continue west. To 
survive in places where there is little known, adaption and development of ideas and procedures 
were bound to occur.
	One of Turner’s supporters, Webb, described the relationship between the “Metropolis”, 
Europe, and the frontier.  He stated that the “Metropolis began to seethe with economic 
excitement…” (Webb 1) The frontier was intended as a way to gain capital. And as he stated 
“capital may be considered in two forms, as gold and silver and as capital goods or 
commodities.” Europe in dire need of such capital influenced the frontier immensely by offering 
freedom to people willing to settle west and providing them with what they needed. This 
negative relationship between Europe and the Americas was an incredible factor in the 
development of America. The relationship was almost parasitic as the settlers where heavily 
taxed and treated poorly. But as the frontier continued they were further away from the homeland 
and America began to create their own identity that Europe no longer could infringe upon. 
Turner doesn’t acknowledge this force in the development of American culture and democracy.

	One of Turner’s biggest claims is that with the end of the frontier “closed the first period 
of American history.” He claimed that the frontier is what motivated the settlers to improve and 
develop more ideas, and that with the end the frontier that is all gone. As one of his critics stated 
“too small a role is allowed to man’s own character and ambitions, to his capacity for change, 
and to the traditions and momentum of the society which came to use this free land.” Ambition 
doesn’t wither when opportunity is still present. Opportunity lives as long as there is room for 
improvement. And there is always room for improvement. The settlers didn’t just start improving 
things because there was land to be found. The people motivated themselves to seek opportunity. 
So the argument that nature “masters, destroys, commands, and creates-while man is surprisingly 
passive” discredits man, advancement through education, and the will to solve problems to 
change society.
	Turner suggested throughout his piece, The Importance of the Frontier in American 
History, that the frontier had been instrumental to the development of America. He claimed that 
democracy, man’s ambition, and innovation stemmed from nature. While Turner isn’t wrong 
about the frontier providing motivation for growth and innovation, it was the people’s desire and 
ambition to travel into new lands and initiate change. He also doesn’t give recognition to many 
factors like the oppression of the natives and the slaves that have shaped what America is today. 
Turner’s frontier theory gives justification to the manifest destiny, which in turn justifies the 
killing and oppression of thousands of  innocent people. By calling the land free he ignores 
certain factors and leaves room for ignorance. Today that ignorance lives on. Minorities are 
murdered and oppressed at the benefit of others. Ideas and discoveries are stolen from people 
who cannot fend for themselves which is justified systematically. Turner’s frontier theory gives 
birth to systematic ignorance within America allowing oppression and wrong-doing to be 
justified for reasons like opportunity. 
